
.. code:: ipython3

    %logstop
    %logstart -ortq ~/.logs/nlp.py append
    %matplotlib inline
    import matplotlib
    import seaborn as sns
    sns.set()
    matplotlib.rcParams['figure.dpi'] = 144

.. code:: ipython3

    from static_grader import grader

NLP Miniproject
===============

Introduction
------------

The objective of this miniproject is to gain experience with natural
language processing and how to use text data to train a machine learning
model to make predictions. For the miniproject, we will be working with
product review text from Amazon. The reviews are for only products in
the “Electronics” category. The objective is to train a model to predict
the rating, ranging from 1 to 5 stars.

Scoring
-------

For most of the questions, you will be asked to submit the ``predict``
method of your trained model to the grader. The grader will use the
passed ``predict`` method to evaluate how your model performs on a test
set with respect to a reference model. The grader uses the
`R2-score <https://scikit-learn.org/stable/modules/model_evaluation.html#r2-score>`__
for model evaluation. If your model performs better than the reference
solution, then you can score higher than 1.0. For the last question, you
will submit the result of an analysis and your passed answer will be
compared directly to the reference solution.

Downloading and loading the data
--------------------------------

The data set is available on Amazon S3 and comes as a compressed file
where each line is a JSON object. To load the data set, we will need to
use the ``gzip`` library to open the file and decode each JSON into a
Python dictionary. In the end, we have a list of dictionaries, where
each dictionary represents an observation.

.. code:: bash

    %%bash
    mkdir data
    wget http://dataincubator-wqu.s3.amazonaws.com/mldata/amazon_electronics_reviews_training.json.gz -nc -P ./data


.. parsed-literal::

    mkdir: cannot create directory ‘data’: File exists
    File ‘./data/amazon_electronics_reviews_training.json.gz’ already there; not retrieving.
    


.. code:: ipython3

    import gzip
    import ujson as json
    
    with gzip.open("data/amazon_electronics_reviews_training.json.gz", "r") as f:                                  
        data = [json.loads(line) for line in f]

The ratings are stored in the keyword ``"overall"``. You should create
an array of the ratings for each review, preferably using list
comprehensions.

.. code:: ipython3

    ratings = [x['overall'] for x in data]

.. code:: ipython3

    data




.. parsed-literal::

    [{'reviewerID': 'A238V1XTSK9NFE',
      'asin': 'B00004VX3T',
      'reviewerName': 'Andrew Lynn',
      'helpful': [2, 2],
      'reviewText': "I bought this mouse to use with my laptop because I don't like those little touchpads.  I could not be happier.Since it's USB, I can plug it in with the computer already on and expect it to work automatically.  Since it's optical (the new kind, not to be confused with the old Sun optical mice that required a special checkered mouse pad) it works on most surfaces, including my pant legs, my couch, and random tables that I put my laptop down on.  It's also light and durable, features that help with portability.The wheel is surprisingly useful.  In addition to scrolling, it controls zoom and pan in programs like Autocad and 3D Studio Max.  I can no longer bear using either of these programs without it.One complaint - the software included with the Internet navigation features is useless.  Don't bother installing it if you have a newer Windows version that automatically supports wheel mice.  Just plug it in and use it - it's that easy.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Excellent mouse for laptop users',
      'unixReviewTime': 1007942400,
      'reviewTime': '12 10, 2001'},
     {'reviewerID': 'AZIXMVXLE11G3',
      'asin': 'B0000A98AC',
      'reviewerName': 'Waldorf1',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'One by one, all of the discs went bad within a 6 months period. It was a real pain. As a result, I would tend to not buy Memorex discs again.',
      'overall': 1.0,
      'summary': 'Memorex Discs',
      'unixReviewTime': 1394928000,
      'reviewTime': '03 16, 2014'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A1RN5RHN4U67CT',
      'asin': 'B000066E6Y',
      'reviewerName': 'Paul Porter',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'Easy to install.  Works well.  No complaints.  Decent (not great) value.  Works better than the first amplifier (different brand) that I purchased.',
      'overall': 4.0,
      'summary': 'works as advertised',
      'unixReviewTime': 1329177600,
      'reviewTime': '02 14, 2012'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A239DIJJXX6MSW',
      'asin': 'B000234I6C',
      'reviewerName': 'ThunderStick',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'This item was exactly what I was looking for.  I purchased a low featured samsung surround sound system but then realized I needed more optical inputs to take advantage of it.  The manual turn switches looked cheap and unusable.  This was perfect being able to remotely control it.Definitely worth every dime spent on it.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Works Great, no Complaints at all',
      'unixReviewTime': 1308960000,
      'reviewTime': '06 25, 2011'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A308H0NWZEUBMN',
      'asin': 'B00008X5DD',
      'reviewerName': 'tyrone bass',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'I purchased this to replace my vcr dvd combo. because I had no way to run cable out of the wall to RCA  for the rest of my system. this box will not do it. this box will work with RCA to RCA  not coax to RCA. I have the same problem, no way to connect to the wall cable. None of the newer dvd or vcr  will take coax cable in.',
      'overall': 3.0,
      'summary': 'Not the box i need.',
      'unixReviewTime': 1378080000,
      'reviewTime': '09 2, 2013'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A1I1H1EHPOH6ZW',
      'asin': 'B00000JI4F',
      'reviewerName': 'Terry W. Coggins',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "This review is for the Sabrent USB 1.44 MB 2x Floppy Disk Drive (FL-UDRV) Black.  It's a well built, quality floppy disk drive that comes with a hardwired USB 2.0 cable for connection to the computer.  There's really not much to say except that it works ---- simple setup, plug and wait for drivers to load and install --- then use the drive.  How hard is that?",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Good External Floppy Drive',
      'unixReviewTime': 1392595200,
      'reviewTime': '02 17, 2014'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A85SZOLWOWFFA',
      'asin': 'B00004ZCAT',
      'reviewerName': 'Jean Sullivan "Jean on the Road"',
      'helpful': [0, 4],
      'reviewText': "This works well for skys, but it can cause vignetting, especially if using it without any sky showing.I'm using it on a Nikon D90 with both an 18 - 105 and a 70 - 300 lens.It's possible there are secrets to using it that I don't know.  I have only tried it on one shooting expedition.  If I use it again and like it better I'll update my review.  And if anyone has any suggestions about how to use it, I'll be glad to hear them.",
      'overall': 3.0,
      'summary': 'Easy To Use, Causes Some Vignetting',
      'unixReviewTime': 1263168000,
      'reviewTime': '01 11, 2010'},
     {'reviewerID': 'AAPKD0X6BA47C',
      'asin': 'B00009R6UU',
      'reviewerName': 'mannmtn "maninthemountains"',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'This was a "real" Canon lens hood, stamped Canon EW-60C Japan, unlike the ET-60 I got from another seller (which was returned). Quality material and fits the lens as it should, without hassle, lens cap fits on after hood installed. Could be just a little "longer", like the ET-60 could be a little "shorter".',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Excellent Product',
      'unixReviewTime': 1296950400,
      'reviewTime': '02 6, 2011'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A3H9XHE40U4MT1',
      'asin': 'B0001FTVEK',
      'reviewerName': 'James White',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'Good sound quality (Sennheiser products are 1000 times better than Bose).  Signal transmits well through my cabinet, can adjust the frequency and the volume from the headphones themselves without getting up.  Only problem with them is they are a little stiff so if you move around a lot, they can fall off. Otherwise fantastic.',
      'overall': 4.0,
      'summary': 'Works Great',
      'unixReviewTime': 1356220800,
      'reviewTime': '12 23, 2012'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A2T1IDDWHRUYN8',
      'asin': 'B0001FTVEK',
      'reviewerName': 'Hromit',
      'helpful': [1, 1],
      'reviewText': 'I used to have a Sony headset - this one is much better in terms of sound quality and reach around the room. The construction is such that the ears get a little warm (because I wear it when I work out) but not uncomfortable and the sound is truly remarkable. The build is solid, charging is easy.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Excellent product',
      'unixReviewTime': 1288828800,
      'reviewTime': '11 4, 2010'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A2FRFAQCWZJT3Q',
      'asin': 'B0001UEHHG',
      'reviewerName': 'B. Davis "The Happy Hermit"',
      'helpful': [12, 13],
      'reviewText': "I've owned this keyboard for about two weeks and really am loving it.  Having to keep the full sized keyboard shifted way to the right in order to center the keys I used with the monitor I viewed and then having to reach way over to mouse always bothered me.  This keyboard has solved the problem.  It looks great and the white letters and numbers are easier to read than those on my laptop keys so that is very helpful.  You really don't know how much stress you are putting on your body by having to reach past that (for many of us) useless numeric keypad until you get rid of it and feel the difference.  My arm is allowed to stay closer to the rest of me and it feels great.  There are a few differences between the layout of this keyboard and a full-sized one so expect a period of adjustment but the differences are very few so it has been an easy transition.  I also bought the Logitech V200 cordless mouse and the combination of the new smaller keyboard and the cordless mouse has made my life at the computer even more enjoyable that it was before.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Love It',
      'unixReviewTime': 1168214400,
      'reviewTime': '01 8, 2007'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A1KXE6H6Q60IJW',
      'asin': 'B000067O5G',
      'reviewerName': 'Melinda M. Broska "Tiger Fan"',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "The 3M Privacy Filters for Laptops will be the ONLY brand I use. I've tried other brands, and they don't hold-up as well or as long as the 3M brand.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Good quality for the money',
      'unixReviewTime': 1389052800,
      'reviewTime': '01 7, 2014'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A2P9KNX5JRKPKH',
      'asin': 'B00000JII6',
      'reviewerName': 'Kenneth Osherow',
      'helpful': [2, 2],
      'reviewText': "On the first try the outdoor speaker played for 30 seconds then stopped working. I returned to Amazon (no charge) and got a replacement speaker. Opps, same thing, the speaker played nicely for 30 seconds and then went dead (the speaker sounded good for the brief time that it played). I emailed Amazon.com and wanted to role the dice and give it a 3rd try. Amazon responded by saying that the problem with the speaker was more widespread than originally thought and they would not be able to send me an additional one. They refunded all my money also gave me a $10 credit in my account for the hassle. I was surprised to see the same speaker still for sale on their site two weeks later especially if there is a manunfacturing defect, the speaker goes dead and they know about the issue. Should I give the speaker another try? I really did like the product if it would only work. I've searched the customer reviews and this problem is NOT isolated to me.  Well, if you order this product save the box and packaging as you might very well be returning it after 30 seconds. It seemed like a solid product but at the low price of $32.00, I'm not surprised it failed to work. Please leave feedback as I would like to order anothrer myself, but the hastle of returning defective products is a pain no matter how easy Amazon tries to make it.  Also, I wanted to mention that it was very generous of Amazon to give me a $10 credit for my troubles with the speaker... Amazon.com is a very reputable company I recommend them strongly and I will continue to buy many prodcuts from them now and in the future.  Best of luck with this one.",
      'overall': 1.0,
      'summary': "on 2nd one now-, speaker doesn't work after 30 seconds",
      'unixReviewTime': 1148860800,
      'reviewTime': '05 29, 2006'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A2GXFR6W6CZM28',
      'asin': 'B00005K47X',
      'reviewerName': 'The ronster',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'This lens is great for the money.  It is a plastic body, but the lens is still the Canon quality we love.  So far, i am quite happy with the lens.  Using a fixed lens brings me back to my photographic roots.  As for the Vendor.... AWSOME!!!!!  got the lens quicker than expected, very easy to do to business with.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'love the fixed lens/great vendor',
      'unixReviewTime': 1350864000,
      'reviewTime': '10 22, 2012'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A1CRAUUAJSBHK2',
      'asin': 'B000089GN4',
      'reviewerName': 'Randyowl',
      'helpful': [2, 2],
      'reviewText': "These work great whether I'm in the gym, listing to a book while lying down on a pillow, or in the library. I'm sure that noise cancelling headphones would be better, but didn't want to spend too much on a pair I'd be taking to the gym all the time. They're nice because they're not so large like my other headphones so they don't make my ears overheat like my large pair would. They keep the sound to myself and block out external sounds such as songs in the gym well enough. When they fold they fit easily enough into my extercise pant pockets for easy portability. They appear to be made with high quality and I expect them to hold up for some time.  I'm am not an audio expert, but I'm more than satisfied with the sound these headphones produce. The only reason I don't give these headphones 5 stars is that they do not have a volume modulator on the cord which just makes headphones easier to use in my opinion.",
      'overall': 4.0,
      'summary': 'Great headphoes for portability and noise blocking',
      'unixReviewTime': 1200873600,
      'reviewTime': '01 21, 2008'},
     {'reviewerID': 'AAN23FNOQEKPJ',
      'asin': 'B0001FTVEK',
      'reviewerName': 'Bob Fairbairn',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "I am very pleased with these headphones. I'm 73 years old, and my hearing has been slowly fading for a number of years. It's really nice, once again, to be able to understand all of the dialog in a TV show or movie. Music sounds fine, with a good level of bass response. It's handy to be able to move around, even go outside, and still hear the sound clearly. A great product!",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Great For This Geezer',
      'unixReviewTime': 1332892800,
      'reviewTime': '03 28, 2012'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A38OCDJQOAQ2XG',
      'asin': 'B00006FRUI',
      'reviewerName': 'P. McGuire',
      'helpful': [4, 4],
      'reviewText': 'I am a C++ programmer therefore I type on a keyboard for over 8 hours every week day. On Mavis Beacon 16 I am rated at 155wpm so keyboards are very important to me. This keyboard is very solid, very quiet and allows you to type fast without any problems. All of the special buttons work to my utmost satisfaction. The stability of this keyboard is simply amazing. An A++ keyboard I would recommend to anyone.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Great Keyboard',
      'unixReviewTime': 1091750400,
      'reviewTime': '08 6, 2004'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A1MM30YDKJPG06',
      'asin': 'B00022OBO2',
      'reviewerName': 'Rowe Rowe "floydian"',
      'helpful': [1, 1],
      'reviewText': "So after reading the other reviews here on Amazon, I decided to try these speakers out. I wasn't looking to have my mind blown but I was looking forward to something better than the 20 year old speakers that were completely dried up in my existing car.And that's exactly what I got...Better speakers than what I had. For the money, you honestly can't complain but these speakers are not ideal for any type of LOUD music. The mid-level frequencies get CRUSHED under any substantial load. Base response is practically zilch but when combined with a subwoofer, they are actually not that bad.I have no idea what Pyle does to rate their speakers but ... 200watts is absolutely a farce. The magnet on each speaker is TINY. The 20 year old Pioneers that came with my car had way bigger magnets. Not that magnets are the whole story but sheesh. When I opened these new out of the box, I was starting to worry at the size of the magnet.In the end, these speakers are capable of being loud when coupled with an amp, but don't expect too much tonal clarity - especially in the mid range. You would think a 3-way speaker would have a decent mid but these do not. Everything gets crushed and requires you to EQ the center band. If you have a 5 band EQ, you might get away with it but anything else will be limited with regards to the audio output.When installing these in the front of my car (under the dash), the three way design makes them stick out ... ALOT. So keep that in mind if you are installing these inside a dash. Diameter wise, they were OK but I had to really wedge the plastic bits of my dash and grille in order to fit the speakers and even then they are bulging. Just keep that in mind...So three stars for these guys because they do what you want for the money but in the long run, you will be throwing them out after some use. They got me out of an audio bind in the car as well as a financial bind with the wife but honestly, you are better off saving up another $40 and dropping the money on some way better speakers.",
      'overall': 3.0,
      'summary': 'Yeah, they work but .... MEH',
      'unixReviewTime': 1320192000,
      'reviewTime': '11 2, 2011'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A1XR2W6Z7XZNJL',
      'asin': 'B0000691LX',
      'reviewerName': 'Nobleman "nobleman"',
      'helpful': [22, 22],
      'reviewText': "As a Minox fan and owner since 1969 and gadget lover, I was eager to see how this much-touted little gem worked.  I first did a lot of research reading data and reviews.  BOTTOM LINE PREPURCHASE INFO:  No other beginners camera even comes close to the quality of photograph and accompanying software.  Having bought two fancy digital cameras for family and friends and a Panasonic Palmcorder with good digital camera inside it, I am well aware of imaging software. ...P>PERFORMANCE:  The little camera performed as expected.  Operation was simple with two buttons and good menu and LCD menu indicator, photos reasonably sharp given the tiny size, and the accompanaying software superbly usable.  It even came with a Duracell AAA battery, a detail no other review noted, but to me connoting a note of quality and not tyring to cheap out every which way.  As a webcam, I looked at the images produced, and they were typically sub-mediocre but also in line with webcams of this price.  Indoor shots are a bit fuzzy, but my son took a great panorama shot in a seminar room of me giving a seminar, which I easily stitched into a broad panorama with the included software.  By the way, one review I read was dead wrong:  The delayed beep does not indicate when the photo exposure starts; rather, the delayed beep indicates when the photo exposure stops, which inside in dim light is a couple seconds.TWO FLAWS:  First, I almost sent the camera back, because the image gets a bit blurred around all the edges.  Then I looked up photos posted on the British Amazon site and elsewhere, and they were the same way.  This I can live with.  Second and more serious, the battery drains disturbingly rapidly when you're storing a lot of pictures. For two weeks I had no trouble, but last weekend I went on a trip, took perhaps 30 pictures, and the battery drained in less than two days, leaving me with three photos only.  This problem has been noted in other reviews, but I can live with it also.  However, if you take a lot of photos, download soon.  I have yet to experiment systematically with it, but I changed the battery quickly with those three pictures, and they were still there after changing the battery, whereas the instructions say you will lose pictures when you change batteries.  There may be some mechanism that allows you a socond to change batteries and not lose your photos....P>CONCLUSION:  The SiPix Blink is the first camera ever that allows the general public to experience what (subminiature camera) Minox owners have enjoyed for decades:  A camera you can and ACTUALLY WILL take anywhere that takes decent pictures.  SiPix is currently a price performance breakthrough, throughly fun, and a great affordable way to get into digital.  Not bad for insurance purposes too.  As for me, I'll use mine a lot, but I'll still carry my Minox B, the last of the Minox cameras needing no batteries.Jim",
      'overall': 4.0,
      'summary': 'Great little camera with two acceptable flaws',
      'unixReviewTime': 1028851200,
      'reviewTime': '08 9, 2002'},
     {'reviewerID': 'ARNC8S59XW6OV',
      'asin': 'B00006JKW5',
      'reviewerName': 'J. Paddington',
      'helpful': [7, 9],
      'reviewText': "It may be true that optical cables all provide the same quality but not everyone that buys Monster optical cables will try refuting this.  I buy Monster in general because of the durability as well as the quality, but in optical's case I bought this cable knowing that it should last as long as my equipment will.  And for $20, that's not a bad investment.  I have to admit though that I bought an Arista Fiber Optic cable which is just as good, four times the length and cheaper, but how long it will hold up against all the foot-traffic, I don't know.  For the price I think either are fair.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Great Cable',
      'unixReviewTime': 1120348800,
      'reviewTime': '07 3, 2005'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A5XWWZZL5NZUX',
      'asin': 'B00000J1V3',
      'reviewerName': 'P. Wint "martinluther"',
      'helpful': [3, 3],
      'reviewText': "There's nothing to it...The belkin network cable worked well right out the box. Its solid construction produces good signal conduction. So far I have used it to download firmware to my BD player. Great product. Worth every penny.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'belkin review',
      'unixReviewTime': 1203638400,
      'reviewTime': '02 22, 2008'},
     {'reviewerID': 'AXYIW2PVCWTNU',
      'asin': 'B00006I53Q',
      'reviewerName': 'Only review if I know',
      'helpful': [16, 22],
      'reviewText': "Buy it. I know, it is more money than many of the other L series lenses.  I know, you usually only shoot portraits or people, you don't need a wide angle. I know, it is reported to be heavy.  I know, I know, I know. And some people say Santa Claus doesn't exist.  I just received my new lenses, having the 70-200 L lens previously.  I took the wide angle when dropping off my daughter at a birthday party and it did both for me. Captured the uniqueness of their barn property and took pictures at the birthday party. Most not needing a thing, just cropping, if that. I shoot with a 20D so of course I want the 5D.  If photography is your passion and your fun, especially if it is your living, get this lens. Youthful play will be restored as you lie in the leaves to get the perfect shot of the tree house. Buy filters, as it only comes with a lens hood. My daughter jumped on my bed. my camera plumenting to the floor, and with a cracked filter and it being jammed, I just knew. Wrong, camera and lens fine. The $15.00 filter took the hit, Also, for you adding to your lenses. If you are considering the Canon backback, it is wonderful, and not so wonderful. To me the camera body is not padded enough and of course it has a huge Canon label on the outside.  This has cost me to have my car windows broken into, the Canon name. So I put a label over it, saying Sarah's school stuff. Much less likely to get stolen!  Have fun, play, and remember to throw up the leaves as you lie there.  Stay a kid with this lens!",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'This is a lens to play with and then impress with',
      'unixReviewTime': 1165622400,
      'reviewTime': '12 9, 2006'},
     {'reviewerID': 'AVV664GID1Z13',
      'asin': 'B0001FTVEK',
      'reviewerName': 'retdatlast',
      'helpful': [2, 2],
      'reviewText': 'My husband has had wireless headphones for watching TV for years.  He has a bit of hearing deficit and without headphones I could hardly stay in the room because the TV had to be so loud. I had purchased him several different brands over the years.  I recently purchased him the Sennheiser 120 and there is absolutely no comparison in the sound quality and comfort!  They are so amazing I purchased a pair for myself for the bedroom TV and my daughter and granddaughter for Christmas.The product was delivered when promised and in great condition!  Thank you Amazon.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'amazing sound',
      'unixReviewTime': 1322438400,
      'reviewTime': '11 28, 2011'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A17KM1W4RWQNWX',
      'asin': 'B00007KDVI',
      'reviewerName': 'Jenesais',
      'helpful': [1, 2],
      'reviewText': 'The WRT54G is still a solid wireless router, but Linksys seriously damaged its value by removing the RP-TNC antenna connectors from new units. The WRT54GL still has these connectors, making it easy to replace the standard antennas with stronger units, and increase the range of the router. Get the WRT54GL instead.',
      'overall': 3.0,
      'summary': 'No RP-TNC connector',
      'unixReviewTime': 1195516800,
      'reviewTime': '11 20, 2007'},
     {'reviewerID': 'AFDA6WY9A6JEG',
      'asin': 'B00008AYBE',
      'reviewerName': 'Vetterun',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'The PNY OPTIMA 512MB DDR 333 MHz PC2700 Desktop DIMM Memory Module (MD0512SD1-333) was just what the doctor ordered to pick up performance of my aging desktop PC. The increased RAM produced a very noticeable enhancement in speed of most all operations. The value, 2-day Prime shipping and easy installation would be hard to beat.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'PNY Quality and Value',
      'unixReviewTime': 1306195200,
      'reviewTime': '05 24, 2011'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A2NIEQOSRFPW73',
      'asin': 'B0000665P5',
      'reviewerName': 'David J. Gillespie "Jer006"',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'Havent fully tested the microphone yet on these but love how it is completely adjustable.  The headphones are very comfortable and the sound quality is incredible for the price, Music sounds great, Games sound great all with a nice bass!  Highly Recommend.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Awesome.',
      'unixReviewTime': 1140220800,
      'reviewTime': '02 18, 2006'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A3RRM5J7F19ZYO',
      'asin': 'B0001V2KS8',
      'reviewerName': 'TomBob',
      'helpful': [8, 8],
      'reviewText': 'My wife spends many hours on the phone each day talking to customers. After trying a variety of speaker phones and handsets, she determined that she obtained the best combination of comfort and clarity from headsets.  The inexpensive headsets available locally worked well enough until they broke, so we thought we would try to find something better.  This headset has turned out to be a jewel.  It offers the best clarity to date and is very comfortable for her to wear.This headset would have received five stars except that it requires a separate cord in order to connect to a 2.5mm socket in our phone, a fact not clearly mentioned in the product description.  The description does state, "Quick Disconnect feature for added freedom," which seems to imply that some kind of "quick disconnect" is included.  In fact, the "quick disconnect" is included.  The headset cord terminates in a quick disconnect.  What is not included and is required in order to connect the headset to the phone, an additional cord, one that has the corresponding "quick disconnect" on one end and a 2.5mm plug on the other.  Even with the additional cost of the extra cord, this is still an excellent headset.  It just would have been nice if this was made more clear in the product description.',
      'overall': 4.0,
      'summary': 'Great Clarity and Comfort - Needs Extra Cord',
      'unixReviewTime': 1330646400,
      'reviewTime': '03 2, 2012'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A1EHB8N44GA027',
      'asin': 'B000063EJW',
      'reviewerName': 'Alex B',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'My trusty Microsoft IntelliMouse Explorer was slowly failing (^_~). I chose to switch to the Kensington brand based on the reviews I read here. BTW, my PC has Windows XP.This mouse has a solid feel compared to my previous mouse. The black material of the mouse seen in the images provides a nice "silky" type touch instead of hard plastic construction used on basic mice. This should keep your mouse looking new for a long time as it is not a fingerprint magnet.The Kensington\'s clicker buttons have a positive and solid "click". No mushiness. The click/scroll wheel performs smoothly. The buttons can be programmed with the MouseWorks software, although, you don\'t have to install it. I program the left side button (#4) to "screen refresh" though you have many other options as well for that button and the others.Missing: an LED at the front to jazz it up--that would be awesome.I recommend that you download the latest MouseWorks because the enclosed CD is out-of-date.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Excellent corded mouse with attractive design',
      'unixReviewTime': 1321747200,
      'reviewTime': '11 20, 2011'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A1NITFQNS54XDP',
      'asin': 'B0000CE1UO',
      'reviewerName': 'Stephen Hubchen',
      'helpful': [4, 4],
      'reviewText': "This review should probably apply to all sound isolation earphones.  That is, phones that require you to insert them into your ear canal, much (very much) like ear plugs.First off, a word about fit.  The E2Cs come with seven types of buds to provide the best fit to your ears.  It is absolutely necessary to find the right fit.  Apparently I have very narrow ear canals, since the only ones that fit were the smallest buds, and I still have to work to get them in.  The main reason I wanted to try these headphones is because normal ear bud phones simply do not fit my ears - the slightest head shake and they fall out.  The E2Cs provide a decent fit.  I could not go jogging with these (wouldn't want to - see below), but normal walking around is fine.  The first few days were sort of uncomfortable, after a while my ears would ache a bit.  But you DO get used to it.  Give it at least a week before you decide if these are for you.Important!  Buy from the Shure Website.  It will link you back to Amazon.  The reason for this is to make sure you get Shure's 30-day money back guarantee.  These phones are not for everyone and you can't try them out before you buy.  Even if you find a local store, it is unlikely that they will open the package and let you stick them into your ear canal to test them.  And some stores will not accept returns on ear bud head phones.  Wherever you buy them, ask about their return policy first.Now to the sound.  These little guys sound great.  Clear and accurate, I am hearing things in the music that I didn't know was there.  They completely isolate what you are hearing, blocking off 95% of external sound.  Whether you are listening to hard rock, or something acoustic, you can be in a subway and it's like you are in a movie with a soundtrack - no noise but what you are listening to.  Quite simply, this type of headphone gives you much better sound than any other portable system.It is these earphones greatest strength that is their greatest limitation.  Imagine going through life with ear plugs and you may get my point.  Sometimes it is important to hear stuff and with these all you hear is the music.  Things you can't do with sound isolation ear bud phones:1. Jog - too dangerous.  Unless you are in a deserted area, it is not a good idea to totally isolate yourself.  Even hiking can be chancy.2. Walk in crowded areas.  After just a week, I lost count the number of times I have bumped into people or almost got run over.  You don't realize how much you unconsciously rely on you hearing to get through your day until you lose it.3. Eat.  Try eating with a set of those foam ear plugs in your ears.  Every body movement (especially chewing) is magnified.  It just feels weird.  This applies to running/exercise as well - the sound of your feet striking the ground is deafening.4. Have any kind of conversation.  You can't hear them, and you find yourself shouting.  Can't do it.Try spending a day wearing ear plugs and you should get an idea of the limitations.What you can do is sit in a train/plane/car (as passenger, duh) and ignore everything else.  I am using on the DC metro and it is great.  No stress with crowds, just find a seat, close your eyes and try not to miss your stop.  If you have a job that lets you tune out your co-workers, the phone and any fire alarms, these are great as well.I have not yet decided if I am going to keep these.  For around $100, they are very limited in their use.  They simply cannot be your only set of head phones since you WILL need another set when in situations requiring at least some hearing.  But the sound can't be beat by any basic ear bud or behind the head ear phones out there.  If you are into the sound, get them and give them a good two week trial to see if they work for you.",
      'overall': 3.0,
      'summary': 'Great Sound but Beware.',
      'unixReviewTime': 1144368000,
      'reviewTime': '04 7, 2006'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A5157D3NMX012',
      'asin': 'B00004Z5QU',
      'reviewerName': 'Gman518 "gman518"',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "The cable itself is fine. Works great, and I wont fault the cable, the seller, Amazon, or Belkin, I just hate stupid snagless boots. I wasn't paying attention, all I was looking for was a 25' cable. I was focused on25', and Prime shipping. I always wind up trimming them down with a knife, because they drive me nuts, especially when you have big meaty claws like me, and when you're moving them from port to port on a rack-mounted switch that's already cluttered.. Oh well.. Gotta read better next time",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'I HATE snagless boots',
      'unixReviewTime': 1369094400,
      'reviewTime': '05 21, 2013'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A2JP9E1H0SF392',
      'asin': 'B00007M1TZ',
      'reviewerName': 'TobycW',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "The headset is priced affordably.  It is well made and comfortable.  You can where it right or left sided.  The microphone is long enough to reach your mouth so that the voice quality is good (not a lot of extraneous noises or distant voice).Summary:  can't beat this!",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Best phone headset I have used!',
      'unixReviewTime': 1363046400,
      'reviewTime': '03 12, 2013'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A3AAP038P5FGSN',
      'asin': 'B00005AC8J',
      'reviewerName': 'Mario Malpica Patrn "mariomalpica"',
      'helpful': [0, 3],
      'reviewText': 'excellent work, compact format, the more mb you buy, the better.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'excellent',
      'unixReviewTime': 1036800000,
      'reviewTime': '11 9, 2002'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A1L8HRCM60W0W7',
      'asin': 'B000117DF8',
      'reviewerName': 'Shashank Tripathi',
      'helpful': [1, 1],
      'reviewText': "It's not a line of products you need to read a lengthy review about. The price of this stick is a no-brainer (30 odd bucks after rebates) plus it's fast, practical, very sleek looking. No fuss, no muss. Great buy.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'EXCELLENT BANG FOR BUCK',
      'unixReviewTime': 1102723200,
      'reviewTime': '12 11, 2004'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A3GIRU696VPD76',
      'asin': 'B0001Y7UAI',
      'reviewerName': 'Mike',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'It is a SATA cable. What else can we ask for?  The right angle connector works good on tight corners.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Works!',
      'unixReviewTime': 1367020800,
      'reviewTime': '04 27, 2013'},
     {'reviewerID': 'AGP5OR29WW9QZ',
      'asin': 'B000067V62',
      'reviewerName': 'Jack "(Of all trades)"',
      'helpful': [2, 2],
      'reviewText': "A very useful thing if you have two computers and limited space.  My own setup is a pair of Macs, one being the last of the Beige G3s (with a USB card in it) and a newer G4.  I just hooked up the connections and was in business right away.  There is a slight delay when switching - not a major problem to be sure when you consider the space - and time - I'm saving by running 2 computers off one keyboard, monitor & mouse.My one problem (and it's my own darn fault!) is that I should have gotten the 4-port KVM model instead of the 2, since I'm looking at the possibility of learning more about Windows with one of those el-cheapo systems.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Great gadget',
      'unixReviewTime': 1095724800,
      'reviewTime': '09 21, 2004'},
     {'reviewerID': 'ACWTHJJQCYG03',
      'asin': 'B0001D56SW',
      'reviewerName': 'cmp',
      'helpful': [8, 9],
      'reviewText': "My husband and I kept debating and debating about whether to purchase a digital camera. We have a 35mm Canon EOS Rebel that takes gorgeous pictures. But, we knew if we got a digital camera, we'd end up using our wonderful camera a lot less. Fortunately, his dad killed our endless debate by purchasing this Fuji for us for Christmas.I have to say, I like it a lot. There are some things that could be better, but for a 4 MP point-and-shoot, especially at this price, it's great. It's small enough to fit in a coat pocket (definitely not true of our big Canon), and takes very clear pictures. We did upgrade the xD card immediately, for a lot more memory. The flash, as another reviewer mentioned, really works without washing out the scene - as you view the picture before snapping, it looks way too dark, but once it's taken, it is wonderful.The cons, though, are also there - though I don't know that they are any worse than any other digital camera. The amazon review mentions speed. I find that you do have to wait quite a while between photos if you use the flash - definitely longer than .62 seconds, anyway. This is kind of annoying - we have twin 2 year olds, and they don't stand still very long. And, this thing eats batteries. We don't have rechargeable ones, but will definitely be investing in those soon. In some ways, it's nice that it takes AA's - you can certainly buy them quickly most anywhere, rather than having to go home and charge it up - but you'd better have plenty around.The 3X zoom just doesn't seem to be enough to me (probably spoiled by our digital camcorder, as well as the Canon), and it is very hard to manipulate quickly. The menus, as others have mentioned, are not terribly intuitive, and they could have added a couple of extra navigation buttons to make it more user-friendly.However, overall, it's a good little camera. I was set up on the computer with it within a half hour (we don't have the cradle) and the Fuji software is nice, too. I'm sure using it a lot, which is a good sign!",
      'overall': 4.0,
      'summary': 'Good for what it is.',
      'unixReviewTime': 1105142400,
      'reviewTime': '01 8, 2005'},
     {'reviewerID': 'AUFYW7SUQSI6Q',
      'asin': 'B000095SB6',
      'reviewerName': 'Kloomnik',
      'helpful': [2, 3],
      'reviewText': "Earphones are OK, though there are many cons. (1) The sound is not significantly better than Sony's MDR-J10, which costs about a third of the price ($8.37).  (2) The little storage case in the picture appears promising, but in reality is flimsy and cheap.  (3) If you are not careful, you will lose the earpads (they tend to come off if you are not very careful), and will have to order new pads from Sony at the ridiculous cost of about $10.00 each (with shipping).  (4) Finally, after a while the volume of my pair decreased to about half the original, making them useless in a noisy environment (for example, an airplane).Altogether: not a hot buy!Amazon's shipping strategy is amazing.  If you drop a small envelope (which is all that this product requires) in the good ol' USPS mailbox in NV (origin), it gets to VA (destination) in about 4 days.  Amazon shipped it via a bizarre combination route that took 9 days to arrive.  The small merchants do it better: your stuff arrives in 3-4 days; Amazon, in comparison, appears to take forever.",
      'overall': 3.0,
      'summary': 'Earphones OK, but not worth 3 times the cost of MDR-J10',
      'unixReviewTime': 1101686400,
      'reviewTime': '11 29, 2004'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A1UHTJ2NZ0IYJH',
      'asin': 'B0001G6U4S',
      'reviewerName': 'J. Shinn',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "I bought this when 3.1MP was just giving it up to 4MP and 5MP cameras. I needed an affordable solution with decent features and good quality digital photos and the Canon A75 3.2MP did the job for over 2 years, until someone stole the camera from my bag!This camera traveled with me through Europe for 2 months, China for 1 month and was always carried on me, in my sack or in my car almost all the time without a case every single day for 2 years.  It was thrown around in my sack or backpack and it did not fall apart or break, though it did show some cosmetic wear. I was impressed that it never mechanically broke and the camera worked flawlessly even after all the miles I put on it.I must have taken well over a 1000 pictures with the camera and the flash never dimmed but I did go through batteries much quicker at high quality settings. But at mid level (1024x768) and low res settings, the camera was very battery efficient.I was impressed by the quality of the pictures, very clean and very nice high quality images for the most part. I was also impressed with the high ISO sensitivity for indoor pics.  I took a bunch of indoor sports picks without a flash at high shutter speed with ISO mode and they turned out very well for a point and shoot camera. I was impressed for a cheap camera. At the time, the A75 3.1MP camera was great and I will miss it.  I'm sure the person who stole this camera from me is getting great use from it too.",
      'overall': 4.0,
      'summary': 'Great little camera for the price',
      'unixReviewTime': 1180915200,
      'reviewTime': '06 4, 2007'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A2ZZ3L29HP5QRZ',
      'asin': 'B00006B9CR',
      'reviewerName': 'Kevin Elam',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'Mouse has performed reasonably well.  Had some issues where the hard to get a signal from the transmitter at some distances, if you\'re looking for a device to control you multimedia center, you might want to look at the newer thumball model, it has better range.  I actually used to like this for a while, however I began noticing my pinkie finger getting numb after using the mouse for long periods of time.  Finally realized that it takes so much pressure to push the left click button, that I had to use my pinkie to stabilize the mouse(or put a lot of downpressure with my palm) to keep the mouse from sliding.So the biggest problem is range and takes too much pressureT to click the left click.  Other than those two issues, it\'s a pretty nice trackball.BTW, I still use this mouse, but have moved onto the newer thumb based trackball.  Never thought I\'d get used to it, but now that I have I actually like it.I still use this model on some other pc\'s around the house.  I think it\'s fine for "light" use, but extended use will likely cause a problem, at least for me it did.',
      'overall': 3.0,
      'summary': 'good mouse except for left click design',
      'unixReviewTime': 1322870400,
      'reviewTime': '12 3, 2011'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A313RBKPQ9S1JQ',
      'asin': 'B00004WCI7',
      'reviewerName': 'Rafael Arvelo',
      'helpful': [13, 20],
      'reviewText': "Great product, BUT against as stated in product description, it won't fit directly to new Canon 100mm 2.8 L macro lens, and adapter from 58 to 67mm is required.I received both, Canon 100mm 2.8 L and this lens, just to see that spend US$38 more is require, and worst, need another week to start using those products..",
      'overall': 4.0,
      'summary': "Won't fit directly to Canon 100mm 2.8 L",
      'unixReviewTime': 1262822400,
      'reviewTime': '01 7, 2010'},
     {'reviewerID': 'ADKWBEZABJF3T',
      'asin': 'B000233WJ6',
      'reviewerName': 'mvalgos',
      'helpful': [1, 1],
      'reviewText': 'It is the perfect extension cord. It is not to long, and it is not to short. It is an outstanding power cord. The craftsmanship is why I purchased it. This is not your cord that you purchase at the grocery store.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'perfect extension cord',
      'unixReviewTime': 1360972800,
      'reviewTime': '02 16, 2013'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A2HB8OXRKARU0U',
      'asin': 'B0000642RX',
      'reviewerName': 'Tom S "Tom S"',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'Wanted an ergonomic keyboard and not a wireless.  For me, there is just so much wireless activity everywhere I wanted a wired keyboard for just this reason.  I also like the fact this keyboard is available in white.  The keys are not too noisy but not the quietest keyboard out there. Came well packaged in original factory box and has usb adapter if your pin plug either doesn\'t work or don\'t have one. (When I originally plugged into pin plug in back of computer, my PC did not recognize it.  I had to restart several times and would work sometimes and then not others.  I plugged into USB port and a driver download was installed.  Works great now.)  Some of the large "microsoft" buttons I don\'t even use.  Just like the ergonomic layout of the keys.  The "shortcut" large square keys are not something I care about. This is the best price online from Amazon and will order another for office.  Your wrists will thank you!',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Comfort and great value',
      'unixReviewTime': 1333324800,
      'reviewTime': '04 2, 2012'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A254S5CCQGWEKO',
      'asin': 'B00009R6WO',
      'reviewerName': 'ROGERWILCO357 "ROGERWILCO357"',
      'helpful': [1, 2],
      'reviewText': "I have to say for the money you get a lot considering the 16-35mm at double the money love the lens for it's landscape properties",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'love it',
      'unixReviewTime': 1312934400,
      'reviewTime': '08 10, 2011'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A3VV222I6NVARM',
      'asin': 'B00009EHJV',
      'reviewerName': 'Gardener from TX "Gardener from TX"',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'Absolutely flawless installation and performance under both Vista and XP. Great product for Skype and other voice applications.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Flawless',
      'unixReviewTime': 1234915200,
      'reviewTime': '02 18, 2009'},
     {'reviewerID': 'AL1ITWCH7W86I',
      'asin': 'B00004Z5M1',
      'reviewerName': 'MegK',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'I lost the USB for my printer and this one works awesome.  Great price on a high quality product.  I would recommend highly!!!',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Works like a charm!!',
      'unixReviewTime': 1355097600,
      'reviewTime': '12 10, 2012'},
     {'reviewerID': 'AH5XZZ5XQIOKQ',
      'asin': 'B0001A99LK',
      'reviewerName': 'V. Madan "madman107"',
      'helpful': [40, 61],
      'reviewText': "I placed my order for an iPod mini here on Amazon on March 14th.  Original expectation for delivery was end of April which then became mid-May, end of May and now -- October 6th!?!?  I know these are hot items, but 7 months lead time is absurd.  If they don't have them (and aren't getting them) it would seem that they should stop taking orders.  It is now July 8th so who knows, as we get closer to October they may push the date back yet again to December or January - so much for planning ahead to have one for my wife's birthday which was mid-May, who would have guessed that eight weeks wouldn't have been enough back then.  Note that I HAVE NOT made any changes to my order which would impact a change in expected delivery date.  A few weeks ago they did make the minor consolation of upgrading me to 2-day shipping (from super saver) but to be honest, if I'm waiting 6-8 months, do I care about another 2-3 days of delivery time?Hopefully I can update this review when (or should I say if) I get the iPod mini.------Update:  I received the iPod mini on July 21st - only four months from order to delivery, definitely the slowest experience I've ever had with Amazon.  The iPod itself is great, good OS, clear screen - battery life is a bit weak - around 3-4 hours - but I suppose what else do you expect in such a small package.  The included iTunes software is horrific, nowhere near as intuitive as musicmatch jukebox which came with our first generation iPod.  All in all, a great device - just watch out for Amazon taking orders that they may not be able to fulfill!",
      'overall': 1.0,
      'summary': 'Good luck actually getting one from Amazon',
      'unixReviewTime': 1089331200,
      'reviewTime': '07 9, 2004'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A1J0UE9M0S0PEN',
      'asin': 'B00007E7C8',
      'reviewerName': 'Amazon Customer',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "Comfort is really important to me. I might have these on for several hours at a time working in my studio.These are very comfortable. Light weight, soft ear foam, and a spring band pressure that doesn't make your eyes pop out. Sound I believe is more than I expected as well. Very satisfied.They would be a 5 except I suspect the durability may prove less than ideal. At this price, if they last a couple of years I would be very happy.Long cord is a plus as well.",
      'overall': 4.0,
      'summary': 'seems like well worth the money',
      'unixReviewTime': 1381708800,
      'reviewTime': '10 14, 2013'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A2GNXNT8OJQQDR',
      'asin': 'B00005T3GH',
      'reviewerName': 'Patrick Williams',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "This does exactly as it's supposed to.I use it for plugging my headphones into my mixer for when I make drum covers, as the mixer doesn't use standard headphone ports (which most audio devices of that nature don't).  Don't hesitate to buy this if you need it.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Great!',
      'unixReviewTime': 1377216000,
      'reviewTime': '08 23, 2013'},
     {'reviewerID': 'AGHZXQL9F94T9',
      'asin': 'B0000CBJ8J',
      'reviewerName': 'superman2k3 "superman2k3"',
      'helpful': [65, 77],
      'reviewText': "Original Zire was a ground breaking product because of its low price. But a year later Palm is still trying to sell the same small screen with no backlight for same price?Pro's,1. Its price.2. Has latest stable Palm OS version 5.3. Looks very good, doesn't feel cheap (so you can gift it).4. Comes with rechargeable battery and standard USB cable.5. Fast ARM processor, good stylus and infrared port.Con's,1. Still no backlight on screen (uesless in dark or medium light).2. Screen is B&W; and only 160x160 pixels, again the worst you will find on a 2003 handheld.3. No mp3, mpeg, jpeg support. Without the multimedia features the gift receiver doesn't get much excited.4. No expansion slot and only 8MB memory.5. 90 day warranty.6. Processor & OS are new but rest of hardware is pathetic, new OS is not put to any use.With Tungsten E selling for well below 199 mark, I would strongly recommend getting T|E instead of Zire 21. You will get so much for a few more $$. Or you might as well get original Zire for half the cost. Zire 21 is good only as a gift to your mother-in-law, not recommended for personal use.",
      'overall': 3.0,
      'summary': 'Waste of time & money!',
      'unixReviewTime': 1066089600,
      'reviewTime': '10 14, 2003'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A277VC5WJ818NY',
      'asin': 'B00000J1V3',
      'reviewerName': 'Nathan Rieke',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'This cable performed perfectly.  The data transmission speeds were every bit as fast as I had hoped, and the cable was not bothered by being in direct sunlight.',
      'overall': 4.0,
      'summary': 'Great cable.',
      'unixReviewTime': 1386288000,
      'reviewTime': '12 6, 2013'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A3Q8UKMNIVUUG8',
      'asin': 'B000067FCS',
      'reviewerName': 'Michael Tikasingh',
      'helpful': [20, 24],
      'reviewText': "These are definitely NOT audiophile headphones, but then, they are earbud style. What is surprising is the bass.Regrettably, the bass is the only interesting thing about the sound, since midrange and treble are seriously lack-lustre. In Sony's defense, these are also the most comfortable earbud-style phones I've ever used.Don't expect the mid-size rubber pads that come already installed to fit perfectly - one of the things that surprised me was that my left ear needed the larger pad to effect a good seal from outside sounds, and to secure the bass response.Using these for watching a DVD movie (The Fifth Element) on my laptop was a reasonably pleasant experience  - it seems that the excess bass doesn't really mess up movie sound too much.If you thinking of using these for classical or baroque music, forget it - the lack of midrange and treble is insanely irritating.In fact, I'm keeping them only because they are very comfortable and small enough to pack in my laptop bag, and I have decided that the bass problem is one I can live with for now.iPod users might find that using the &quot;Treble Booster&quot; equalizer setting helps to compensate for the overbearing bass that these generate. If you're using them with a computer for playing music, you're going to need to play with equalizer settings to get a more even sound.It's important to note that unlike most other ear-bud phones, these do significantly reduce ambient sounds (with no sound signal applied, they work rather well as ear-plugs), so I don't think you should use them in situations where hearing impairment can endanger you.",
      'overall': 2.0,
      'summary': 'Very comfortable, but the bass kills the rest of the sound',
      'unixReviewTime': 1037750400,
      'reviewTime': '11 20, 2002'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A1T41HM2YKN5HF',
      'asin': 'B000062VUO',
      'reviewerName': 'R. D. Hoag',
      'helpful': [1, 1],
      'reviewText': "I had a Altec Lansing system which was nice but way to much mushy, booming base and the imageing was not so great.I looked into buying this or the Bose Companion 3 Series II 2.1 which is about twice the price of this one. I had a chance to hear the Bose in a store and I was really disappointed... it sounded pretty good but this Klipsch outdoes it in volume, clean base and clear highs with a wonderful sense of space and fullness not heard in any of the others I have auditioned so far. I leave the Windows Media Player sRS effects turned OFF now.. the Klipsch speakers don't need it. I guess that's why it got the official THX rating.Another advantage of the Klipsch is you can locate the control module speaker on the left or right; you can even remove the control module from the speaker, have it on your desk by itself and place the speakers on stands or on the wall if you want.. very versatile. With a second set of these you would have a pretty awesome surround system too.For computer speakers under $300 these well deserve a 5 Star rateing!",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Quite amazing...!',
      'unixReviewTime': 1202515200,
      'reviewTime': '02 9, 2008'},
     {'reviewerID': 'AMH264806NHLO',
      'asin': 'B00004SABB',
      'reviewerName': 'Kel "Kelsi"',
      'helpful': [3, 5],
      'reviewText': "This item had pretty mixed up reviews when I was buying them. Some people loved it at 5 stars, others hated it saying they couldnt see anything out of them at 1 star.  Undortunately, I joined those who couldn't see anything.  Believe me you when I say I've used A LOT of binoculars so I'm now a newb to this.  I bought them specifically for one purpose, shooting range and identifying where the bullet hits on target at 100 yards - yeah good luck.  By the time I dialed in and finally was able to barely see the target, though still looking very very smudgy, my husband unloaded 2 AR15 mags. Wouldnt even pass this as a toy binocular, my son's $2 chinese made plastic crap shows clearer image.",
      'overall': 1.0,
      'summary': 'Absolutely horrible',
      'unixReviewTime': 1339977600,
      'reviewTime': '06 18, 2012'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A1KVAU30GZMKQ2',
      'asin': 'B00005UKBG',
      'reviewerName': 'BlondieGal',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "This one I bought for my sister for Christmas. Little did I know, my husband also bought this exact same CD tower for me for Christmas (on his Amazon account), so I will review for the one that I got.The box that it came in, shipped in a HUGE shipping box. I don't know why the shipping box had to be that big. Maybe Amazon doesn't have a smaller box to fit it.The tower was easy to assemble, except for the wood ball caps for the top. The wood balls have a hole drilled on the bottom, and you just push them onto the wire top. But the holes were too small. I was able to get one on, and my husband also got one on, but he had to go out to the gargae and drill the holes a little bigger on the other two.I love this CD tower! All of my CDs fit, and it looks so cute with the wood balls on the top!The tower bottom piece is wood. It is flat on the bottom. It comes with four plastic feet that you can put on the bottom. Just peel off the backing, and they will stick. I did not put them on my unit. I have mine sitting on carpet, and it leans slightly, so I might go ahead on put the feet on so it can have a stable footing on the carpet.I gave this tower four stars, because the wood balls needed to be drilled out. But I definitely recommend this CD tower!!!My sister said she LOVES her CD tower. She did not mention any problem with assembly.",
      'overall': 4.0,
      'summary': 'Cute CD tower',
      'unixReviewTime': 1393372800,
      'reviewTime': '02 26, 2014'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A2SR4F8QA1LN5M',
      'asin': 'B00008SCFL',
      'reviewerName': 'Homero Castellanos "homero5"',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "I bought this to replace a dieing d-link router. It was easy to set up and started working automatically. I only have it hooked up to 2 computers. The little bastard constantly times out every day. There's a reason it's so cheap. Listen to the other reviews and don't buy it. Last time I buy Netgear.",
      'overall': 1.0,
      'summary': 'worthless hunk of crap',
      'unixReviewTime': 1294099200,
      'reviewTime': '01 4, 2011'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A2PB325LKXYDOL',
      'asin': 'B00006HQV5',
      'reviewerName': 'Mike Kelley',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'I hate it when there are cables simply &#34;laying&#34; around.  These raceways are easy to cut to length, easy to install, and easily allow you to place more cables inside.  I have them installed in all four corners of my wiring closet.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Easy to install',
      'unixReviewTime': 1353888000,
      'reviewTime': '11 26, 2012'},
     {'reviewerID': 'AN5FTAWSS5DMO',
      'asin': 'B0001FTVEA',
      'reviewerName': 'John J. Dean III "lakedweller"',
      'helpful': [1, 1],
      'reviewText': 'Have had head set for two weeks and it works great!Arrived sooner then expected from Amazon, always does.Headphones work well, feel great on head.There is a little buzz of interferance but with fan and A/C running while I ride a stationary bike this is no problem.May buy a second set for TV at night with wife, my hearing is not a good as hers and this will decrease volume.If you are into music, and have a great ear buy Bose and spend $150, if you are like me and want to watch tv, these are great and enjoy the $100 saving.John',
      'overall': 4.0,
      'summary': 'Great Buy',
      'unixReviewTime': 1217462400,
      'reviewTime': '07 31, 2008'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A6J4ESHKQ1H3',
      'asin': 'B0000B12QO',
      'reviewerName': 'dlmh "dlmh"',
      'helpful': [32, 32],
      'reviewText': "I liked the specs on this item and the price at Costco was right, but unfortunately this is a very cheaply made recorder. It connects to your TV just like a VCR, but like an ultra cheap VCR the remote control and on screen menus are very poorly implemented.Even with fresh batteries you need to be close to the recorder to get it to respond to the remote. Sometimes buttons must be pushed again and again. The remote contains a lot of buttons, but Go Video skimped on size so the buttons are small and close together.On screen menus are blurry and use small print so you need to be quite close to the screen. You'll be near the screen anyway given the remote's very limited range.The video quality appeared to be worse than the VCR I replaced it with. There was none of the sharpness that you'd expect from a DVD even with a store bought DVD movie.Timed recordings went well.The last straw for me was the media. The manual states that it will work with all DVD+R and DVD+RW media that adhere to the standards, blah blah blah. I bought HP DVD+R disks and the unit responded with an error.This unit is priced relatively low for a home DVD recorder, but if this is the best they can do for the price, skip it until they get the bugs out and bring the quality up.",
      'overall': 2.0,
      'summary': 'Disappointing',
      'unixReviewTime': 1076284800,
      'reviewTime': '02 9, 2004'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A1MS73ABNH32T0',
      'asin': 'B00004ZCJE',
      'reviewerName': 'Cesar Poveda "Tech"',
      'helpful': [1, 1],
      'reviewText': 'This is a must have accesory.  I purchased it only to protect the lens of the camera and works perfectly.  It fits perfectly on my Panasonic Lumix DMC-FZ35',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'A must have',
      'unixReviewTime': 1270598400,
      'reviewTime': '04 7, 2010'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A1CT82ZYAAFUAN',
      'asin': 'B0000D89M6',
      'reviewerName': 'BarbieG',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'I suppose this is a good product but I need it with an adapter to RCA cables and I only get a squeal from the DVD player when I try and use it, probably the adapter that is not working properly.  The cables are very strong, certainly not cheaply made.',
      'overall': 3.0,
      'summary': 'what I ordered',
      'unixReviewTime': 1399161600,
      'reviewTime': '05 4, 2014'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A1QOF415R8PIJO',
      'asin': 'B00008VF63',
      'reviewerName': 'Scott Roberts',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "These are the best headphones I've ever owned.  High frequencies are perfect and that's where all cheaper earphones will not be as good.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'fantastic sound',
      'unixReviewTime': 1203120000,
      'reviewTime': '02 16, 2008'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A2JH523V1NL0P0',
      'asin': 'B000090169',
      'reviewerName': 'KLNcatz',
      'helpful': [2, 2],
      'reviewText': "This converter works, but do yourself a favor and check your power supply before ordering.  The cable that comes with this adapter is all you need IF your computer has a molex connector coming from the power supply.  Neither the product description nor the very poor installation instructions that come with the converter make it obvious what is needed.  My new Dell computer only has SATA connectors, so I ended up ordering a y cable that had the SATA power connector instead of the molex power connector, pay additional shipping and wait for the cable to arrive.  If I had known in advance I could have ordered everything I needed and saved time and an additional $8 shipping fee.  I think the manufacturer could better serve their customers by being more clear in their product description or by increasing the price by a couple of dollars and including a female molex to male SATA adapter.  People who didn't need the adapter initially might need it sometime down the road.",
      'overall': 4.0,
      'summary': 'Check Your Power Supply Before Ordering',
      'unixReviewTime': 1230854400,
      'reviewTime': '01 2, 2009'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A1UVYL2G0XYX8W',
      'asin': 'B00004SB92',
      'reviewerName': 'Bhlaguna',
      'helpful': [3, 3],
      'reviewText': "I purchased this router to replace an SMC Barricade NAT Router I have behind a Linksys wireless router for security.  The wireless Linksys works very well.  My connection drops now and then and I thought it might be the SMC because it's several years old and the BEFSR41 might be more compatible.  The problem I had was that I couldn't get the password to reset no matter what I did.  I followed the directions that came with the router and went on the web site to be sure I was doing it properly.  Couldn't reset it to the factory settings and couldn't get access with the easy password I used to set it up.  I think this one was just defective.  My Linksys wireless works great all the time.",
      'overall': 1.0,
      'summary': 'I think the one I received was defective',
      'unixReviewTime': 1197936000,
      'reviewTime': '12 18, 2007'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A3MCDMSW1LSZ4S',
      'asin': 'B00009XVCZ',
      'reviewerName': 'Andrew Lubetkin',
      'helpful': [4, 8],
      'reviewText': 'This is a very reasonable price for a 1.4.......but  you must baby this lens....If you attempt to manual focus it while in af mode you will damage this lens...And you will need to manual focus frequently when shooting in very low light which is the point of this lens.....That being said if you can avoid manual focusing of the lens while in af mode its a nice lens for the price. This lens is just particularly sensitive to that problem....',
      'overall': 3.0,
      'summary': 'Nice price for a 1.4 but a fragile lens.',
      'unixReviewTime': 1260835200,
      'reviewTime': '12 15, 2009'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A3EWNB6RL13T9G',
      'asin': 'B0000630TK',
      'reviewerName': 'gguido_',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "This memory stick is the cheap alternative to Sony's, but it still delivers on the same functionality. So... why pay more?",
      'overall': 4.0,
      'summary': 'Cheap Alternative That Delivers on its Functionality',
      'unixReviewTime': 1384646400,
      'reviewTime': '11 17, 2013'},
     {'reviewerID': 'AJXP2MAOB21SE',
      'asin': 'B0000BV1LS',
      'reviewerName': 'J. Morse "greenmeads"',
      'helpful': [7, 7],
      'reviewText': "I bought 2 of these and they do what they are intended to do: enable the re-positioning of USB drives. They offer a very wide range of re-positioning positions. I use mine for positioning a USB flash drive plugged into my car radio so it isn't accidentally broken off. I use the other in the same way on my laptop for the drive for my wireless mouse. They aren't all that sturdy but they probably shouldn't be: In the worse case scenario, these will break instead of the USB drives.",
      'overall': 4.0,
      'summary': 'It works',
      'unixReviewTime': 1226793600,
      'reviewTime': '11 16, 2008'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A11F8B8GQURI84',
      'asin': 'B00004Z5D1',
      'reviewerName': 'Michael R. Serovey "chess nut"',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "Because I have arthritis I don't like anything that is tight or cold around my wrists. This device is a little tight on my wrist, but it is tolerable. It does what it is supposed to do, ground static electricity that builds up in my body.Mike Serovey, MA, MISMOwner & Webmaster of Mike Serovey Reviews",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'My Review of the Belkin Anti-Static Wrist Band with Adjustable Grounding',
      'unixReviewTime': 1393891200,
      'reviewTime': '03 4, 2014'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A22287IFIWRWWE',
      'asin': 'B00004Z6PN',
      'reviewerName': 'Mayah',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "I bought this amazing keyboard at a garage sale, fairly used, many years ago.  I have not used a different keyboard on my desktop since.  It takes a bit of getting used to, but I do much gaming on it, too.The split was a bit confusing at first for my fingers, but it's easy to adapt.They keyboard has two feet at the front that can be folded out, though there aren't multiple positions.All in all, a fantastic keyboard, sadly no longer produced.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Incredible',
      'unixReviewTime': 1369699200,
      'reviewTime': '05 28, 2013'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A50PIJPHPKJ0P',
      'asin': 'B00007E7C8',
      'reviewerName': 'Alexander M. Martinez',
      'helpful': [1, 1],
      'reviewText': 'these are the best headphones you can buy for the price. I use them at work and also on the plane when I travel. I love how clean and crisp the sound is and how it keeps noise in and also blocks a lot of environment noise. Would most-def recommend these bad boys.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'damn good headphones for the price',
      'unixReviewTime': 1367539200,
      'reviewTime': '05 3, 2013'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A13B39ZS8W9SQO',
      'asin': 'B000050MNA',
      'reviewerName': 'Theodore Littleton',
      'helpful': [14, 14],
      'reviewText': "If you use larger lenses, you'll probably want this just to balance the camera properly.  And since larger lenses need more power to focus, and Image Stabilization drains the batteries more quickly, two batteries can come in handy.  Most likely you'll have power for at least a full day of heavy shooting.  Unfortunately, though the EOS-10D itself can take BP-512 batteries, this grip cannot - BP-511/511as or similarly-shaped batteries only.  It can use different batteries in combination, even with different power ratings; it will first use the higher-charged battery, then drain them both equally.  I use a Power 2000 1500mAh/7.4v together with my old BP-511 1100mAh/7.4v.It comes with a little slot in the side of the shaft that can hold the camera's battery cover (which must be removed) or an extra CF card.  Handy.  And you get extra control buttons on the grip for taking pictures in a vertical orientation, and a switch to disable them.The price is excessive, though.  If it were priced similarly to the Rebel's grip, I'd give this five stars easily.  At US$200, it's a much tougher call - it should still go on your wish lists, but at a much lower priority, depending on your purposes and equipment.",
      'overall': 4.0,
      'summary': 'Does its job, but expensive and no BP-512s',
      'unixReviewTime': 1093046400,
      'reviewTime': '08 21, 2004'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A3BVWFD2BG3OE8',
      'asin': 'B0000C3GWU',
      'reviewerName': 'Technology Buyer',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "The speakers worked great for their cost and size, but after about a year the A/C adapter started shorting out.  Maybe if you keep them stationary then it won't be so much of a problem, but if you move them around alot the wire on the A/C adapter wears easily.",
      'overall': 3.0,
      'summary': 'Good Speakers, but the A/C adapter will likely fail',
      'unixReviewTime': 1265760000,
      'reviewTime': '02 10, 2010'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A386NVAVQV5WUO',
      'asin': 'B0000658CH',
      'reviewerName': 'Richard D. Cappetto "RickDC"',
      'helpful': [2, 3],
      'reviewText': 'This is a time saver, Now I can plug all my peripherals into my lap top, at the same time,  and not have to unplug re plug all the time. Also I can use my peripherals at the same time as well. It works great, and I recommend it.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Works great!',
      'unixReviewTime': 1048550400,
      'reviewTime': '03 25, 2003'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A34VCCL1YO6D0I',
      'asin': 'B00005ARK4',
      'reviewerName': 'Peter Dykhuis',
      'helpful': [18, 18],
      'reviewText': "I have no complaints regarding this router.  I purchased this unit approximately 2 weeks ago to replace the Linksys 1 port router I was using up to this point.  The Linksys worked perfectly and I nearly bought the Linksys wireless but the price was right on this unit and I took a gamble.  I am glad that I did.In two weeks of use I have only had to reset the router once and I am not even sure that this was the routers fault.  It may have been my DSL modems fault.  One day after I bought the unit I had a hardware failure on the D-Link wireless LAN card.  In the process of troubleshooting the problem I called SMC support number.  The number is toll free and the help was quick, no waiting on hold.  The tech support person was courteous, knowledgeable and didn't seem in a rush to get me off the phone.  I was very impressed.  This was a far cry from the support I have gotten from D-Link and Linksys.  Both of these companies make decent hardware but support is not there strong point and Linksys has virtually no documentation or online support.I have upgraded the firmware once and it was trouble free.  The web based control panel is comprehensive and easy to use.  If anything the control panel is even more useful and flexible then the comparable Linksys router.  The unit itself is small and attractive.  The only negative I have is that the lights on the front of the router are not clearly viewable except when looked at head on.The range on this unit is great.  I live in a townhouse that has 1200 square feet upstairs and 1200 square feet downstairs.  The router is in the northwest corner of the downstairs and I use the wireless units most commonly in the southeast corner of the upstairs.  The transfer rate is a consistent 11 mbs even when I step outside.Over all an excellent router.  I have run it with both the Linksys and D-Link cards and both work fine.  The D-Link card comes with better monitoring software but the Linksys card seems to give me greater range and consistency.  A definite buy recommendation on my part.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Excellant!',
      'unixReviewTime': 992908800,
      'reviewTime': '06 19, 2001'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A2WKY97GXL0GX4',
      'asin': 'B00022OBOM',
      'reviewerName': 'Kyle K',
      'helpful': [1, 1],
      'reviewText': "If all you're trying to do (like i did) is replace a blown cheap speaker then these are great. They're cheap and get the job done. These will tide me over until I can afford some really nice ones.",
      'overall': 3.0,
      'summary': "they're good replacements for factory",
      'unixReviewTime': 1389571200,
      'reviewTime': '01 13, 2014'},
     {'reviewerID': 'AC6YL9O8P14E8',
      'asin': 'B00004TVSP',
      'reviewerName': 'Kristian',
      'helpful': [1, 1],
      'reviewText': 'I\'m a photographer from Costa Rica "sorry my spanglish"This unit it\'s cheap and really powerfull, be carefull to don\'t use it in "M" , u can fry ur digital baby at max power.i use it with a radio trigger, and got amazing shotsu can see some of them at my devianart "ps3 girl"[...]The plastic seems to be fragile but it\'s ok to this price, the next step costs 5 to 8 times more $ than thisand the zoom feature it\'s really cool.  one more thing, it\'s a little Overzized.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Exellent!  "and cheap"',
      'unixReviewTime': 1291334400,
      'reviewTime': '12 3, 2010'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A2Z054F2OGR62S',
      'asin': 'B00007IFED',
      'reviewerName': 'B. Young',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'This does not work under Windows Vista 64-bit.  So I installed Windows XP as a virtual machine and got it working by sharing the host USB ports.  Controlling a Shure DFR 11EQ and it works great.',
      'overall': 4.0,
      'summary': 'Got it working under a Win XP virtual machine',
      'unixReviewTime': 1329696000,
      'reviewTime': '02 20, 2012'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A22LLVT51AR1J8',
      'asin': 'B0000WWP4M',
      'reviewerName': 'James M. Arrison IV',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "I needed a couple in-ceiling speakers for my combo kitchen / living room space and I didn't want to create a large project out of the install.  These speakers allowed me to only install 2 speakers instead of 4 making the ceiling look cleaner and the install 1/2 as hard.  I used 4 wire speaker wire and ran it behind the crown molding and installation was a breeze, they look professional and sound great.  Highly recommend.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Beautiful Speakers',
      'unixReviewTime': 1390521600,
      'reviewTime': '01 24, 2014'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A85PGE2FRU7J8',
      'asin': 'B00009WO51',
      'reviewerName': 'Lori E. Straley',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'I love these discs.  They are perfect for putting all my cassettes and vinyl on CD.  Wish there was a little more room to write on the label but they are still fun.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'These are great',
      'unixReviewTime': 1359417600,
      'reviewTime': '01 29, 2013'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A3TLY1A7NGVCQM',
      'asin': 'B00007KDVJ',
      'reviewerName': 'Alexander E. Paulsen "AlexP"',
      'helpful': [1, 1],
      'reviewText': "No, I am not a Linksys employee and yes I have lost money in Cisco stock. But like all Linksys products the setup works like its supposed to and the units work flawlessly.I downrated this unit because of the difficulty of using it as a bridge. The box insinuated that you could bridge with it. When I tried to make it bridge it didn't work and tech support told me that bridging is not supported.I did find a work-around. E-mail me if you want the secret.Otherwise this is an excellent as usual product from Linksys at a great price.",
      'overall': 4.0,
      'summary': 'Like all Linksys products..',
      'unixReviewTime': 1084924800,
      'reviewTime': '05 19, 2004'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A2UYJHA1MNJ9L',
      'asin': 'B00006RVPW',
      'reviewerName': 'xIT',
      'helpful': [1, 1],
      'reviewText': "I read most of the reviews before buying the GS108. The only reviews that worried me were those that complained about the power supply dying in less than 3 years. I have been using NetGear for years & years without a hitch so I went ahead and ordered it anyway. It arrived today, 3/8/2012, and it took all of 1 minute to plug it in & move a couple of RJ-45 connectors (cat5) from my FWAG114 and connect the FWAG114 to the GS108 (cat6).Plug'n'Play, what can I say... but then, it's just a switch so I wouldn't expect anything else and it flat out screams. Remote drives respond as fast as a local drive.As for the power supply, I'll try to find this review & update it later if I have a problem.As for some of the other non-5 star reviews that I wasted my time reading...One guy complained that the lights were too bright (he kept the GS108 in his bedroom). I just wonder what kind of DH goes to sleep with an 8 port Gbit switch in his bedroom. He needs to find a girl friend.Others complained that the RJ-45 connectors were in the front of the unit. Well, duuuh, didn't you look at the picture of the unit before you bought it? Besides, pro grade devices normally have the connectors in the front of the unit. I wish mine were in the back of the unit too like my FWAG114 but I knew what I was buying before I bought it... I looked at the picture. I also spent about 35 years in IT so I was accustomed to seeing the wires in the front of the device.Others said the unit ran hot. Mine is much cooler than my FWAG114 and also much cooler than my AT&T; 3801HGV (which is a 2Wire/Pace DSL/wireless device) and I have it sandwiched in a stack above the FWAG114 & below a USR265633A external USB fax/modem.In closing, if you're considering buying this unit, don't hesitate, just buy it and ignore most of the trivial dribble that gets posted by inexperienced wannabe reviewers... and then keep your fingers crossed that the power supply holds up (which I'm not worried about because I'll want to replace it with a 10Gbit wireless device when they're available/affordable).12/28/2012:It's still going strong and has never burped.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'I Got Exactly What I Expected',
      'unixReviewTime': 1331164800,
      'reviewTime': '03 8, 2012'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A35SXNALXC54WU',
      'asin': 'B00004Z5M1',
      'reviewerName': 'Sue W.',
      'helpful': [1, 1],
      'reviewText': "I too spent too much time trying to get my printer to work when all along it was this cable.  As soon as I realized it was the cable I started the process to return it since Amazon will pay for return shipping on damaged items.  I'll try a better cable.PS - It was in an official Belkin package, I'm guessing it's just hit or miss.",
      'overall': 1.0,
      'summary': "Doesn't work",
      'unixReviewTime': 1340064000,
      'reviewTime': '06 19, 2012'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A1VC45CWKB4E7C',
      'asin': 'B000067S60',
      'reviewerName': 'Toni Horsch',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'A few were broken.',
      'overall': 4.0,
      'summary': 'A few were broken.',
      'unixReviewTime': 1405036800,
      'reviewTime': '07 11, 2014'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A3E6JBXN9KFHRX',
      'asin': 'B00004U89W',
      'reviewerName': 'David A. Jacob "Dave the Boss"',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'as usual the price was good and delivery quick and I saved about $ 15 bucks from local stores .I have a 20 " LG tv on it it fits great and swivels easy.Amazon has an amazing inventory of products its a very rare event they dont have what I want.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'a very reasonably priced product that is well built',
      'unixReviewTime': 1242345600,
      'reviewTime': '05 15, 2009'},
     {'reviewerID': 'AZAC8O310IK4E',
      'asin': 'B00005ATMB',
      'reviewerName': 'Hoppaguy',
      'helpful': [1, 1],
      'reviewText': "My old Case Logic CD wallet broke after many years of use and thought the design wouldn't change. But to my surprise I like some of the new changes such as using a plastic holder that slides up and down to lock in the disc sleeves rather than the chunky metal rings. I like how there are now sleeves on the front inside flap too because now I can put the CDs that I listen to the most in the front rather than flipping through the whole booklet. Everything else seems to the same and I would recommend this to anyone looking for storing CDs or DVDs.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'I like the new design with the plastic ring holder rather than the old metal rings',
      'unixReviewTime': 1329004800,
      'reviewTime': '02 12, 2012'},
     {'reviewerID': 'AO13TNMQBPLZE',
      'asin': 'B0001A99MO',
      'reviewerName': 'Gene Twilley "GTwilley"',
      'helpful': [6, 7],
      'reviewText': "My wife gave this to me as a gift about 3 weeks ago and I love it. We had our Mini with us during a recent trip to Mexico, and it proved itself with wonderful sound quality, an admirable battery life, and great options. It was a great asset to have during a cumulative 10-12 hours of travel time.The mini itself is easy to navigate and understand. She essentially told me how to work it, and the ease in which I have been able to use it has been wonderful. At first, I didn't think much of the 4GB amount of space, but it's been great for me as a person who never transports graphic or movie files.I found the headphones they provided to be more than acceptable and the sound quality I've experienced has been great. At this point, I normally use my Mini while at a desk (while working) and (wonderfully) the mini never gets in the way of any of the work that I have to do. Even better, the mini isn't any sort of hindrance to my coworkers. If I were to ever work in the dark, I know that the beautiful blue hue of a lighted screen would work to light my way (used it on the plane).My only discrepancies are minor - the Mini is seemingly easy to scratch. I looked at mine yesterday and noticed a few gashes in it whose origin I know not. Further, any sort of accessory for the device seems to be kind of pricey after you spend $250 on it.The bottom line: This is a great toy to have, albeit expensive. Tons of options and features make for a wonderfully diverse product. Works as a well-received gift or a smart personal purchase. Don't be rough with it, travel a lot with it, and enjoy.",
      'overall': 4.0,
      'summary': "Rockin' my face off",
      'unixReviewTime': 1106697600,
      'reviewTime': '01 26, 2005'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A3DW4KOR2E7M32',
      'asin': 'B00006JPDF',
      'reviewerName': 'B. Borgerson "cybertrooth"',
      'helpful': [8, 8],
      'reviewText': "For years I've been suffering as I tried to listen to music through cheap, self-powered computer speakers. Nothing I tried was much good.  With my setup I have room for a re-purposed Technics 100W receiver, but no good place for speakers, which really have to fit up on the windowsill.  My little Polk Audio bookshelfs -- an even better value -- just don't fit.  So I went looking for something smaller, but still high quality, for under $75.  Well, there ain't much.  This was about it. Fortunately, it's working out very well. Smooth, full sound.  Decent bass.  Really better than I'd expected for the size.  It's an acoustic suspension design (not ported), so it's not particularly efficient.  I'd suggest 50W per channel if you want solid bass.  Overall, I'm much happier now, whether listening to local FM, Internet radio or I-tunes.",
      'overall': 4.0,
      'summary': 'Far better than typical computer speakers',
      'unixReviewTime': 1254787200,
      'reviewTime': '10 6, 2009'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A2VZHT3WH73GTB',
      'asin': 'B00005ATZN',
      'reviewerName': 'Mark J. Minasi',
      'helpful': [21, 28],
      'reviewText': "I bought this because I wanted a compact, fit-in-your-pocket camera, and it is that.  The integrated lens cap is just great.  But be warned -- this camera has a few significant (to me, anyway) limitations.  First, it's basically only good as a snapshot camera in fairly bright light.  It simply can't focus worth a darn unless there's a lot of light on the subject.  This is particularly troublesome because you can't manually focus.  Second, if you use reading glasses (as this 43-year-old reviewer does), then keep 'em around -- you need to decipher small icons on the small LCD to control the camera.  (Better keep the manual handy too.  Hmmm, those reading glasses and manual make the camera a big less portable.)  Third, if you ever want to take closeups, then you've got to use the macro zoom function -- but after hours of trying, for the life of me I can't make it work worth a darn. That said, the camera IS quite nice for daylight shots.  I'd be inclined to buy the underwater housing for it, but underwater shots are by their nature low-light.  The battery charger is very cool -- the battery slips into a cartridge which plugs into the wall.",
      'overall': 3.0,
      'summary': 'Small and convenient -- but ONLY in daylight!',
      'unixReviewTime': 992044800,
      'reviewTime': '06 9, 2001'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A28NMQ7365DHIF',
      'asin': 'B00007GQLS',
      'reviewerName': 'John G. Warzynski "praywaror"',
      'helpful': [1, 1],
      'reviewText': "This has proved to be my standard wildlife lens, great for distances and really small birds.When you can't afford to put 10-12K in a lens, this is the perfect replacement.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Great Wildlife lens for less',
      'unixReviewTime': 1330473600,
      'reviewTime': '02 29, 2012'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A13MX5W2WQO01J',
      'asin': 'B00005V52C',
      'reviewerName': 'Michael E. Haney',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'Works with Windows XP and 7. Have had issues with some USB/DB9 cables (devices requiring a DB9 connection, such as Cisco routers/switches, Mag readers, Etc). However, these Tripp Lite adapter cables have worked in every application that I have needed them for.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Never had an issue, compatibility with OSes and Applications',
      'unixReviewTime': 1367107200,
      'reviewTime': '04 28, 2013'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A1L2DBI8LEJ7JB',
      'asin': 'B000230LJK',
      'reviewerName': 'Mark Gehring',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'Works great in my RV ( travel trailer ). Really fills in the tinny sounds form the stock speakers and stereo.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Fills in the tinny sounds in my RV',
      'unixReviewTime': 1385769600,
      'reviewTime': '11 30, 2013'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A1KPFZCS71QKW5',
      'asin': 'B00006364O',
      'reviewerName': 'nycebo',
      'helpful': [46, 48],
      'reviewText': "I have well over 1000 CDs.  For a long time, I considered the bookshelves and bookshelves of space that the collection required a tribute to my musical taste and experiences over the years.  Indeed, the jewel cases just seemed to be an easy way to observe the entire collection and rapidly select the CD that I felt like listening to at the moment.Recently, a friend was over at my apartment and commented that the collection just looked ridiculously unwieldy.  She had made the converstion to the CD wallet years ago and was never going back to the space cluster that jewel cases required.On her recommendation, I ordered the Case Logic 264 CD Wallet (she said that anything larger would be a bit heavy to move around with ease despite the fact that I had so many CDs).  Of course, I should say that I ordered 7 of the cases so as to accomdate the large selection.The only comment that appropriately conveys my sentiment is: WOW!  This is great.  Here's why:1. Shelves and shelves of CD shelving have been cleared/removed and converted into 7 (actually about 6.5) CD wallets.  It's unbelievable how great this feels in a New York City apartment.  It has opened up a bunch of space.2. The Case Logic wallet is extremely well constructed.  Having used a smaller version for the car, I somewhat know what to expect.  THe backing of each insert is soft to ensure that CDs aren't scratched and the plastic that holds the CD in place is nice and secure.  Though some have complained about the plastic binder not being able to open midway/midbook in order to easily reorder pages, it seems a LOT more secure than metal ring binders would be in the long term.3. I opted for the 2 CDs per side rather than the 4 that is potential.  Instead, I put the album liner notes next to each CD.  Though this essentially cuts down by 1/2 the number of CDs each book can hold, it seems more pleasing to the eye and disks are much more easily accessible than having to root around behind liner notes to retrieve disk.  Moreover, the fit seemed much too tight with 4 disks and liner notes per side.  Last, trying to get the CDs out of the sleeves when stored 4 to a side with liner notes was a bit hard and I worried about scratching the CD (some of which are long out of print and prized).4. The koskin case is very nice.  Even though I store the wallets in a cabinet now, I imagine you could leave these on a bookshelf and they would not look like too much of an eyesore.5. Access to the CDs is very easy.  Because the sleeves can be reordered, I stuck with an alphabetic listing for rapid access....sometimes one just has to hear THAT song, right?Basically, this product is a delight.  I know it sounds crazy and a bit overdone, but I legimately freed up tons of space and my concerns over the practicality of these CD wallets has been allayed.  Funny, I actually will need to get an 8th in just a little while.....but it's easier than building another bookshelf.Final rating?  A FIVE (5).",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Should have done this long ago...',
      'unixReviewTime': 1111622400,
      'reviewTime': '03 24, 2005'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A2QH9BH7FTTSMU',
      'asin': 'B00009R6TA',
      'reviewerName': 'Tarkan Cicek',
      'helpful': [1, 8],
      'reviewText': 'Daha onca omuzdan askili canta kullaniyordum. Omuzlarim kopuyordu. Bunu aldim ve acayip rahatladim. Her kurusuna degdi dogrusu. Cokda ucuzdu bence.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Ohhh beee.. :)',
      'unixReviewTime': 1168473600,
      'reviewTime': '01 11, 2007'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A20Z7LXU2VEBMM',
      'asin': 'B00008OE6I',
      'reviewerName': 'fishgeek',
      'helpful': [5, 5],
      'reviewText': "I used to have a Powershot S110, but recently upgraded to the S400. They have really worked out a lot of the irritating little quirks that I had on the S110. It's easy to get to movie mode, and the scrolling buttons when viewing photos are now 4-way instead of 2-way. Menu navigation is easier, and even deleting photos takes less steps. I was concerned about the casing not being as durable as the ones on the S110, and wasn't sure why they went differently with the S400, but the brushed finish just makes it look that way. The rounded corners actually make it nicer to sit in your pocket. The flash is more powerful, just everything. Obviously you pay more for all the upgrades....so if you don't really need 4.0 megapixels, then maybe consider the new SD100. But, the images and their new DIGIC chip are top notch. I just ordered the underwater housing for the S400, so I can't wait to try it out!",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Best Canon Powershot yet!',
      'unixReviewTime': 1062892800,
      'reviewTime': '09 7, 2003'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A1MVPVKACK6K7B',
      'asin': 'B00004VX3T',
      'reviewerName': 'B. Lohner',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "A solid performer, good resolution, no problem with most surfaces. Only three buttons (two regular - one push down the wheel). Have three of these on various computers - never had trouble - except with logitechs enhanced mouseware on NT (so I can't program the middle button there).",
      'overall': 4.0,
      'summary': 'A solid performer',
      'unixReviewTime': 1052956800,
      'reviewTime': '05 15, 2003'},
     {'reviewerID': 'AB198XVESQ6PA',
      'asin': 'B00009R6VZ',
      'reviewerName': 'Andrew',
      'helpful': [3, 3],
      'reviewText': "Same problem as another reviewer, the rubber cord wrap broke off at the top of the handle. I've got electric tape wrapped around the break to protect the copper wires. Pathetic for an investment of $50.",
      'overall': 1.0,
      'summary': 'Cord Rubber Broken',
      'unixReviewTime': 1298246400,
      'reviewTime': '02 21, 2011'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A3QUTWULNO3NLR',
      'asin': 'B00008NG7N',
      'reviewerName': 'NYCKatieP "Business Intelligence Analyst - lo...',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'I hate trying to type on the number keys at the top of my corporate laptop when I am at home.  The Targus 10-key pad works perfectly and saves me so much time.  I am a reporting analyst and programmer and deal most of my time in numbers.  A perfect addition.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Life Saver!',
      'unixReviewTime': 1392595200,
      'reviewTime': '02 17, 2014'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A1OTMZVMGN3DJD',
      'asin': 'B00005OP33',
      'reviewerName': 'J. Last',
      'helpful': [1, 1],
      'reviewText': 'I was looking for in-ceiling speakers for our basement remodel.  Great value.  I decided to buy another pair for the master suite.',
      'overall': 4.0,
      'summary': 'Excellent Value',
      'unixReviewTime': 1154908800,
      'reviewTime': '08 7, 2006'},
     {'reviewerID': 'AMKNPIDFLRFMP',
      'asin': 'B0001GZ87I',
      'reviewerName': 'CS',
      'helpful': [14, 18],
      'reviewText': "&lt;&lt;Targus CVR400 15 CityLite Notebook Case>>This is very nice if what you want to carry with you is a 15in laptop, powercord, small mouse, plus some paperwork.  There's no room for anything more, it's not really made for stuffing extra stuff.  Even an extra paperback might be a bit too much.I find it just a bit too small for my use -- I'd have liked it to be a little bit fatter, so I can carry some extra stuff like a book, pill bottles, and such.One criticism: the strap is ok, but not as comfortable as you'd ideally want.  I found it handy to take the strap off my old Lands End canvas briefcase and use that instead.",
      'overall': 3.0,
      'summary': 'nice, but a bit too compact perhaps',
      'unixReviewTime': 1131148800,
      'reviewTime': '11 5, 2005'},
     {'reviewerID': 'ACGBJPEZC9VRL',
      'asin': 'B00009W3BQ',
      'reviewerName': 'Router user',
      'helpful': [5, 5],
      'reviewText': 'I am using the splitter with a Hauppauge 1600 card to split my cable signal to analog and digital as well as connect to the TV.  It works without a problems and I have not noticed any reduction of the signal.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Works as described',
      'unixReviewTime': 1226275200,
      'reviewTime': '11 10, 2008'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A2A4OC6VGP7JSC',
      'asin': 'B0000ALPBA',
      'reviewerName': 'Shkshk',
      'helpful': [4, 7],
      'reviewText': '3 stars as it is probality the best deal for $12. However the lastest gadets might not work. For example, I was unable to add my Philips DVD Recorder to this remote.Another important point is that this is is not a "IR" learning remote. And set up is "manual" .. no auto scan features. Kind of prehistoric for this ear.But as I mentioned, you are getting what you pay for .. and that is  good enough for me !!',
      'overall': 3.0,
      'summary': 'Buyers Beware !! Might not work with the latest models !',
      'unixReviewTime': 1109030400,
      'reviewTime': '02 22, 2005'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A14ZD7D4M7MX9V',
      'asin': 'B0000C3GWU',
      'reviewerName': 'P. Ellison "Pat Ellison"',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'Very good base and incredible sound. Does not have that "funny computer speaker sound" where you feel the sound is coming from a hollow tiny box. very well tuned and powerful. I have 2 sets of these. :)',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'SUPER',
      'unixReviewTime': 1317859200,
      'reviewTime': '10 6, 2011'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A37PZ1EQV1TET7',
      'asin': 'B000095SB6',
      'reviewerName': 'A. Barkaloff "abarkalo"',
      'helpful': [1, 3],
      'reviewText': "An improvement over the pair I bought last year--which were great but not as bright sound as this new improvement.  I prefer these for air travel since they block out all outside noise (just like ear plugs) and they are superlight, as opposed to the bulkier sound-cancelling headphones.  I have these and the Sennheiser headphonesSennheiser PXC 250 Noise Canceling Headphones (Silver)-- I like both: The Sennheisers for listening to while at home or an an extended flight or the Sony's for the gym or short flights (traveling without any bulk)Sony has got to listen to customer that do not want this funky long cord (right ear) short cord (left ear) arrangement.  This is so stylistically wrong.  Oh well, that's my only complaint.",
      'overall': 4.0,
      'summary': 'would give five stars, except for the cord',
      'unixReviewTime': 1174694400,
      'reviewTime': '03 24, 2007'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A3SO8IS08TELUA',
      'asin': 'B000092YPR',
      'reviewerName': 'K. Sanz "KSanz"',
      'helpful': [1, 1],
      'reviewText': "I have to give these head phones a five star rating, because I think they are better than most people have given them credit for. I bought these to temporarily replace a pair of Yamaha head phones that I bought about 20 years ago. They looked very similar to the Yamaha's and I liked the way the Yamaha's fit my head. The Yamaha's cost $100.00 these cost under $20. The Yamaha's of course have more detail and a larger sound stage, but I was surprised how well these Sony's sounded for the money. Also the build quality of these phones for under 20 bucks is very good. I guess a lot had changed in 20 years, but I'm amazed that these cans can sound as good as they do for under 20.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'excelent product for the price',
      'unixReviewTime': 1212710400,
      'reviewTime': '06 6, 2008'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A2PL4KZQJ0VFOB',
      'asin': 'B000089GN3',
      'reviewerName': 'D. Dell "Dell"',
      'helpful': [5, 6],
      'reviewText': 'After all the rave reviews on the Sennheiser PX 100 headphones I decided to buy them. I compared them with the iAudio ear buds, iPod ear buds and low cost Philips headphones. The Sennheiser blew away both ear buds and sounded much better than the Philips. Then I plugged the Sennheiser into my high end computer, iAudio and iPod. The sound quality from my computer and iPod were above average. My iAudo X5 sounded the best by far. Of course, I contribute the better sound quality of the iAudio because of the 4 sound settings and EQ. I can get as much or little bass and treble as I prefer. I did find that you have to up the volume to about 20 percent or more to get better sound quality.I prefer the open ear design because I have to be able to hear people around me and listen for the phone.Some annoyances are the 2 cords coming from the ear pieces sometimes brush against my cheek and drive me crazy. One cord coming from just one side would have been much better. And the phones fit a little too tight and become uncomfortable after a short time.However, the Sennheiser PX 100 is still a good choice for the price. Just do not expect the clarity you would get from a high end headphone.',
      'overall': 3.0,
      'summary': 'Not too bad, Not great either.',
      'unixReviewTime': 1138752000,
      'reviewTime': '02 1, 2006'},
     {'reviewerID': 'AIU97J6H4D2Q',
      'asin': 'B000234I6C',
      'reviewerName': 'Kevin',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "I bought a crappy Nyrius manual dial switch before this because I thought I could save some money. That thing was a piece of junk. This worked 2 minutes after I took it out of the box. I didn't test the remote because I have the Harmony remote which works flawlessly so far. I've ignored the S-Video and Composite Video part because I really don't need them. I bought this for the Optical switch and it works perfectly.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Awesome!',
      'unixReviewTime': 1294876800,
      'reviewTime': '01 13, 2011'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A11FTACZ2S9IOS',
      'asin': 'B00009R6UA',
      'reviewerName': 'Crank',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'this is good accesories because it is so easy to loose this eyecup.I was happy to find this inexpensive one...but I have already lost it...such a shame...The good is i can buy a new one ;)',
      'overall': 4.0,
      'summary': 'easy to loose ;)',
      'unixReviewTime': 1217548800,
      'reviewTime': '08 1, 2008'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A1RJKTYC03L0JY',
      'asin': 'B000053HC5',
      'reviewerName': 'Larry Lee',
      'helpful': [1, 4],
      'reviewText': "I tried the 135 right out of the box, and found that this lens did not work as well as my 24-70 &#34;L&#34; lens on focusing. It just kept searching, then giving an OK before nailing the focus, even on a static subject. I don't have this problem with my 24-70, which is slower to focus then on my 5DII, but it does work with the Metabones.",
      'overall': 3.0,
      'summary': 'Did not comunicate well, through Metabones adaptor.',
      'unixReviewTime': 1399420800,
      'reviewTime': '05 7, 2014'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A3FFNWA0T3QXDN',
      'asin': 'B00002NDRQ',
      'reviewerName': 'Disciple of God-B.R. "ChildofGod"',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'the product is exactly what I ordered and works with my label maker even though it is a older model',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Love it!',
      'unixReviewTime': 1399507200,
      'reviewTime': '05 8, 2014'},
     {'reviewerID': 'AI3I2ZWU3LWU7',
      'asin': 'B00007GQLS',
      'reviewerName': 'ThomFlash',
      'helpful': [2, 2],
      'reviewText': 'Best buy for the money! This lens is either on my camera or hanging at my side for easy access. I use for both stills and video, and love the look the L glass gives in image quality.Common gripes: 1) It extends overall length to zoom - Downside, a no-go for matte boxes; Upshot, looks pro, super fast for run-n-gun, gives video shooters a "slam zoom" option for dynamic photography. 2) Heavy - What do you expect... it\'s a big, long lens. 3) Slow with high f-stops - True, so keep ISO on auto or be quick to balance changes in zoom with shutter, though the bokeh from this lens is always apparent; use a tripod, monopod, or flash in darker situations.Want to try before you buy? Rent from an online rental house. That\'s the route I went and then paid full price to keep this lens after renting for the month. I bought this in lieu of the 70-200 2.8 and am glad that I did. I\'ll get the 70-200 one day, but should have bought this 100-400 straight from Amazon and saved the rental fee.Here\'s to happy shooting!',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Must Have for DSLR Shooters',
      'unixReviewTime': 1363824000,
      'reviewTime': '03 21, 2013'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A3H0MFWOKFEDSA',
      'asin': 'B00006JN3G',
      'reviewerName': 'Pedro V. Camargo "Pedro"',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "This product is perfect to have in your back, since it is small and pretty effective.  Although for a better cleaning, I'd ratter get a better one.",
      'overall': 4.0,
      'summary': 'Perfet for taking with you',
      'unixReviewTime': 1254528000,
      'reviewTime': '10 3, 2009'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A2JQD6CWD5MKK6',
      'asin': 'B00009WQS1',
      'reviewerName': 'Divot00',
      'helpful': [1, 1],
      'reviewText': 'At first I was excited to clone my h/d and swap it out with a faster upgrade.  Little did I know that with the new Lenovo series laptops (mine is a W520) it would require significant trial and error.I did find a link on the Lenovo site that sort of helped out in the end.Beware and read all the fine print before you venture down a long trouble shooting path till it works.Pasted from [...]The SATA Wire and software will work with the models listed, however, to successfully upgrade one of these model notebooks and clone the existing data on the original drive to a new (replacement) drive, you must follow these steps:1. Enter the BIOS setup Security page and disable the Pre-Desktop Area and the security chip (if enabled). Save changes and exit.2. Install the new drive internally (inside the notebook)3. Install the original drive into the Apricorn external enclosure4. Boot to the EZ Gig CD application.5. Using the "Disk Clone" option, clone the external (original) drive to the internal (new) drive (this is opposite the procedure described in our installation guide).In the end it worked but required me to connect both h/d up to my desktop computer using the instructions above.  I never succeeded with the configs on my laptop only.',
      'overall': 3.0,
      'summary': 'Frustrating but worked eventually - Lenovo H/D clone',
      'unixReviewTime': 1323475200,
      'reviewTime': '12 10, 2011'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A3IYSIAKYOMKTO',
      'asin': 'B0000BVYTV',
      'reviewerName': 'Renter',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "I have a one year old laptop that I've been using for work. When I run another OS on the internal disc drive, it heats up my laptop considerably. I want this machine to last longer, so I decided to invest in a laptop cooler. Word of mouth is that this Antec is the best for your money if you have a modest budget to work with.I've been using it for about a month now and I'm impressed with it. Setting it up was as easy as plugging it into a free usb port and then plunking the laptop on top of it. It has two fan speeds; I use the higher speed when I'm logging into my alternative OS and the regular speed for normal computing. My laptop stays nice and cool. The cooler comes with optional rubber buttons that you can use to ensure that the laptop doesn't slide around on top of the device. Even if you forgo the buttons, using this device will change the physical profile of your rig a bit, so if you've already got your desk or stand situated for ideal height, expect to adjust it after setting up the cooler. There is a glowing blue light that comes on to let you know the cooler is on and running. If it bugs you, you can easily cover it with a piece of tape.Bottom line: if you can snap this up at the sale price, do it. It's as good as you've heard.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Does the Job Well',
      'unixReviewTime': 1283731200,
      'reviewTime': '09 6, 2010'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A3MLMEJXEYWQW5',
      'asin': 'B0001DHHIY',
      'reviewerName': 'Carl Steinecker',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'Bought this unit for an older computer running Windows 98SE and it was advertised as being able to work for this application but nothing I did could make it work.  The unit was returned with full refund.',
      'overall': 1.0,
      'summary': 'Not as advertised.',
      'unixReviewTime': 1358208000,
      'reviewTime': '01 15, 2013'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A3C88ZDIZALRMN',
      'asin': 'B00003CWDH',
      'reviewerName': 'Brian Friel',
      'helpful': [1, 1],
      'reviewText': 'I purchased this item because I wanted a surge protector and to know what plug connected to what device. It works great! never pull out the wrong plug anymore and always know which plugs are going to which device. Have no complaints. Have only had this product for about 3 months now thought, Also enjoy how many outlets there are',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Cant beat it',
      'unixReviewTime': 1362441600,
      'reviewTime': '03 5, 2013'},
     {'reviewerID': 'AOQ1XQTHD9ZNR',
      'asin': 'B00001WRSJ',
      'reviewerName': 'Greg Hovis',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'I bought these headphones on Amazon for the great price of 50 bucks and let me tell you it was money well spent.  They sound fantastic and feel very comfortable after watching 2 hour long movies or listening to long music sessions while working around the house.Keep in mind, like most headphones, they require time to &#34;burn in.&#34; Out of the box the highs sounded off and bass was mediocre. After a week of listening the headphones sound fantastic and keep getting better. Remember this when purchasing these headphones. If you can get them for the 50 bucks I got them, then I promise you will enjoy the sound and the price!',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Great Headphones!',
      'unixReviewTime': 1369180800,
      'reviewTime': '05 22, 2013'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A2PLMMVM7J0128',
      'asin': 'B00006JQ06',
      'reviewerName': 'Ehkzu',
      'helpful': [8, 8],
      'reviewText': "I owned a Sony SRF-M37W Walkman Digital Tuning Weather/FM/AM Stereo Radio (Black) for years; now I've had this cheaper alternate for months, and I'm ready to compare them.1. Battery life. This uses a AA; the digital uses a AAA, and the difference in battery life is dramatic. The battery life is extraordinary with this analog radio.2. Tuning. It's easier with the digital radio's five preset buttons--if what you want is one of those preset stations. However, the digital radio doesn't have auto-search, so finding stations not on the presets is even more laborious than it is with the analog radio.3. Reception. Seems good, though the analog radio often adds a bit more of the sounds radios add to the station signal when it's not spot-on. Little squeaks and squawks.4. Size. The analog radio is definitely bigger, but it still fits easily in a mens dress shirt pocket. Personally I find the larger size a cheap price to pay for the vastly longer battery life afforded by the larger AA battery.5. Ergonomics. The digital radio has a recessed switch that locks the radio at its current setting, whatever that is, on or off. This is quite necessary, because it's so easy to accidentally bump one of the protruding buttons, either shutting it off or popping it over to a different station. By contrast, the on-off switch, volume control and tuning dials on this analog radio are relatively immune to getting changed by bumping them accidentally.6. Reliability. Both seem fine this way, and both resistant to breaking if you drop them accidentally (without reason). I did notice that after owning it for years, the digital radio's presets got a little screwy--sometimes they'd all change to whatever the station was for preset #1.7. Added features: the digital radio has a clock; the analog doesn't. The digital has a weather station setting, which I never was able to get to work (i.e. really bad reception), and the TV audio capability was useful until all the TV stations went digital, and then it didn't work.All in all I prefer this analog radio to the digital one, in part because the battery life is useful to me, and the larger size isn't so much bigger that it makes any difference to me (both fit in a pocket). A digital radio is inherently better, but Sony would have to redesign theirs to make it truly better than this cheaper analog version.I'm not commenting on music reception because I mainly use it for talk radio.",
      'overall': 4.0,
      'summary': 'Comparison with Sony Digital Walkman radio',
      'unixReviewTime': 1266796800,
      'reviewTime': '02 22, 2010'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A3FDSZBZF6K062',
      'asin': 'B0000513FN',
      'reviewerName': 'Raysworld01 "Ray Ray"',
      'helpful': [2, 2],
      'reviewText': "I took my older pc to Best Buy ( geek squad ) to see if they knew why it would'nt start. After spending $60.00, they told me it was the power supply, the motherboard, a virus, and that i should just buy a new pc. I did a little shopping on Amazon and found this power supply, so i decided to buy it and install it myself. My pc started right up with no virus or motherboard problems to speak of. I guess if i knew it was only a power supply i could of saved the money going to geek squad. The only problem i had was the screw holes in the tower did'nt match up good with the threads in the power supply housing. I was able to use a few, but not all of them. It is very secure, even without using every screw. I read a few reviews prior to buying, and other people mentioned drilling new screw holes in the tower, but that is not necessary. I hope to get a few more years out of this pc now. I give it 4 stars.",
      'overall': 4.0,
      'summary': 'Spare pc works again!',
      'unixReviewTime': 1222214400,
      'reviewTime': '09 24, 2008'},
     {'reviewerID': 'AA2E9ETVB384S',
      'asin': 'B0001WW3F2',
      'reviewerName': 'dave',
      'helpful': [2, 2],
      'reviewText': "The radioSHARK looks great, but its program was designed by middle schoolers.  There are so many little things to piss you off when you use it - not just that it crashes, but that it really looks like they never finished it, and were just looking to throw something together in a few hours to test out the reception (which is OK, but certainly not great).The Mac version of the software is at least tolerable, but even it will only record files in AIFF and AAC.  The Windows version has WAV, MP3 and WMA, so it's not as though they didn't want to pay Fraunhofer to include MP3 support - it's apparent that they just didn't feel like doing it.",
      'overall': 2.0,
      'summary': 'radioSHARK',
      'unixReviewTime': 1165190400,
      'reviewTime': '12 4, 2006'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A3VMDI7GW676B1',
      'asin': 'B000067V62',
      'reviewerName': 'Paul Kimelman',
      'helpful': [5, 10],
      'reviewText': 'This would be a great product, especially for the price, but it does not offer keyboard based switching. Most of these port switchers allow you to press some key combination (like ScrollLock twice) to switch. But, this one only works with the front-panel buttons. This is very inconvienent and a deal killer for me. Be forewarned. If you do not mind having to push a button on a box, it is fine.',
      'overall': 3.0,
      'summary': 'No keybard based switching!',
      'unixReviewTime': 1069804800,
      'reviewTime': '11 26, 2003'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A1YA66O4470CAG',
      'asin': 'B000089GN2',
      'reviewerName': 'Antony John "AnJo"',
      'helpful': [9, 15],
      'reviewText': 'I had great expectations when I bought this headphones. This some how cuts off 50% of the noise. The worst part of it is that it adds a HISS to when Noise Cancelling is switched on.',
      'overall': 2.0,
      'summary': 'Not that great....',
      'unixReviewTime': 1153267200,
      'reviewTime': '07 19, 2006'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A1X7NKU6FVLV0U',
      'asin': 'B00005T3G0',
      'reviewerName': 'theshawn',
      'helpful': [0, 1],
      'reviewText': "It's not a full 50 feet of speaker wire I can tell you that. After running one side I used about 30 ft and had only 14ft left. Won't buy it again unless they guarantee the right amount on their spools.",
      'overall': 3.0,
      'summary': "Eh....it's fine for the price but....",
      'unixReviewTime': 1330128000,
      'reviewTime': '02 25, 2012'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A1YXP8PLFILTBR',
      'asin': 'B0000AHO95',
      'reviewerName': 'Sierra Chuck',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "From what I've read the phone I have is terrible on battery life anyway. But rather than spend another $60 for a land-line I'll rarely use, this replacement battery for $7 has me back in business.4-stars because I have no idea how many months it will last.",
      'overall': 4.0,
      'summary': 'My phone works again!',
      'unixReviewTime': 1268352000,
      'reviewTime': '03 12, 2010'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A2KAK579ZXDNUA',
      'asin': 'B00006JILW',
      'reviewerName': 'Saravanan Sivashanmugam "Saran"',
      'helpful': [0, 1],
      'reviewText': 'I bought this on seeing "4 Star" rating in Amazon.com. It was pretty good when I bought. Now I could not hear any sound from my right side headphone. Very disappointed on the quality from Sony. Be aware when buying this.',
      'overall': 1.0,
      'summary': 'Broken in six months',
      'unixReviewTime': 1223078400,
      'reviewTime': '10 4, 2008'},
     {'reviewerID': 'ATWL1RQEHMIIQ',
      'asin': 'B00004ZCJE',
      'reviewerName': 'Roland H. Marti "Roland Marti"',
      'helpful': [1, 1],
      'reviewText': 'Have used these filters, either Neutral Density or UV and have always found them to be distortion free.Great quality, would recommend to anyone!',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Always quality',
      'unixReviewTime': 1375401600,
      'reviewTime': '08 2, 2013'},
     {'reviewerID': 'AWUQ43W80B8ED',
      'asin': 'B0001FTVEK',
      'reviewerName': 'Tastinient',
      'helpful': [1, 1],
      'reviewText': "The major imperfection I've discovered is they don't stay securely in place when I bend over or move quickly.  So wearing these during yoga or other vigorous activity may not work. The sound is very good and I do not experience the hiss some have mentioned, at least within my 900 sq ft. condo. It all hooks up easily (in my case to my stereo receiver).  I have noticed some interference (again it's a condo), but the ability to change channels and fine tune makes it pretty easy to solve. I think the range gets overstated. I was able to get a (fading) signal about 100 feet down a corridor (while doing laundry) but lost the signal in the thick walls of the laundry room. No biggie. In terms of comfort, I find my ears and neck start to feel a little strain after a couple of hours.  That's to be expected.",
      'overall': 4.0,
      'summary': 'Works well, a few things buyers should know',
      'unixReviewTime': 1344038400,
      'reviewTime': '08 4, 2012'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A2L90RS4B7YLLS',
      'asin': 'B00008SCFL',
      'reviewerName': 'J. Sundquist',
      'helpful': [6, 6],
      'reviewText': "I read all the reviews here and elsewhere prior to deciding to buy this router. I have to say I am very impressed! I upgraded to this router from the MR814 802.11B router. This router is identical to the MR814 except that it's about 1/3rd the size! It literally fits in the palm of my very large hand!When I took it out and connected it, I found that I didn't need the software Cd that came with it as it is mostly just help files anyway and I was able to figure it out on my own.Setup was a snap and I was done within 10 minutes.Nice Features:- 10/100mb WAN port! Most routers only have a 10mb WAN port. Odds are that your cable modem or DSL isn't faster than 10mb right now, but this router will support 100mb if you ever upgrade your connection! One thing to watch out for with this: The WAN port is set to Speed: Auto by default and some cable modems don't like that (mine didn't), so you go into the setup page and change the WAN port speed to 10mb on a simple drop down menu. This is documented in a separate notice in the box that you can't miss (good work Netgear).- Tiny!! This thing literally takes a fraction of the desk real estate my old one did!- FAST! I use this with a Netgear WG511 802.11G wireless laptop card and it is FAST! Connection speed is great even through 5 sheetrock walls (one floor Ranch style house).If you're not a very technology saavy person (your kid has to program the VCR) then use common sense: READ THE HELP FILES ON THE CD!!! Netgear put quite a bit of info on the help files on the CD (which you can also get from their website). This router is not complicated to get going. All you have to do is follow directions.Here is the general rule when setting up and troubleshooting router/broadband connections:- Setup your router using the wizard in the setup web page- once setup is done turn off EVERYTHING! That means that your Cable modem, router, and ALL pc's connected to the router should be turned off!- Turn things back on in the following order waiting 30 to 60 seconds between each:-Cable Modem-Router-PCThis will fix 99% of lost connection problems.Overall, I'm thrilled with this router (did I mention it's tiny?).",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Buy this router!',
      'unixReviewTime': 1066348800,
      'reviewTime': '10 17, 2003'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A2VYUEGEP9NOHV',
      'asin': 'B000050NPX',
      'reviewerName': 'Justin Moran',
      'helpful': [1, 4],
      'reviewText': "This product has a very cheap, flimsy feel (soft grey plastic casing) with poor all around design.First I noticed you must pop of the sides to get to batteries (those cylindrical sides in picture).  This is fairly difficul and led to scratches on the case before I could even use it.I bought one this summer and it broke under normal use in 2 days.  I never dropped or mishandled it, it simply started showing gibberish on the screen such as $%->?@  etc instead of text... even when I pressed keys in proper order based on memory it would not play.The sound quality was decent, but not what I'd expect from such a relatively high price item.In my opinion, this is not a good product, which I suppose is to be expected from a no name brand... Perhaps they have improved it since June to address these problems, but it is my suggestion that you save your time and money and go with a name brand such as Creative or I/O Magic.",
      'overall': 1.0,
      'summary': 'Horrible build quality, broke in 2 days',
      'unixReviewTime': 1011571200,
      'reviewTime': '01 21, 2002'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A3UNHEY0IHC9HR',
      'asin': 'B00006LSVL',
      'reviewerName': 'Mark Johnson "Johnson"',
      'helpful': [11, 11],
      'reviewText': 'Cheap and gets the job done very well.  Would recommend to others looking for this size filter.  Images come through clearly and there is nothing to suggest you have a filter on the lens.  Clear as day.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Great filter',
      'unixReviewTime': 1269561600,
      'reviewTime': '03 26, 2010'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A253G3EG9A469K',
      'asin': 'B00005N6KG',
      'reviewerName': 'Saint',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "I've had this for a few days now and primarily use it with the threadmill. I use it with my iPAD so I can watch movies while exercising. I've had several other ones but this is the first I've gotten that's over the head and I must say what a difference it makes. It doesn't fall off at all and the earbuds stay inside your ears. It's also light wieght and comfortable in the ears. The side facing mics also help direct the sound into your ears. I used to max out the volume on my iPAD so I can somewhat hear the sound but with these I had to lower them a few notches. Really like them!",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Not Bad',
      'unixReviewTime': 1288569600,
      'reviewTime': '11 1, 2010'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A30XEHP7E9YP4Z',
      'asin': 'B00006B7SK',
      'reviewerName': 'Joseph Polanco "emeralds"',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "No great raves, but no complaints either. It's a loud ringer that rings pretty loudly. If you have a family member that needs that sort of help, it will do the job, but remember that it ONLY works with corded phones (base units).",
      'overall': 4.0,
      'summary': 'Does what it says it will',
      'unixReviewTime': 1389657600,
      'reviewTime': '01 14, 2014'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A3IPDGNMA9GXJ6',
      'asin': 'B00008Y0VN',
      'reviewerName': 'Bruce E Bowman',
      'helpful': [2, 2],
      'reviewText': "These binoculars are big, weigh 4 pounds, have lots of magnification and a narrow field of view. They are not something to just carry with you to a football game. They are nice for astronomy, giving good light grasp for very low cost.The main problem is the tripod adaptor, which is plastic and has no lateral bracing.Binoculars with more than 10x magnification cannot be held steady by hand. You must have a tripod and attach them to it. Therefore, the adaptor is CRITICAL, and this one is all but useless. If I so much as touch my nose to the side of one of the eyepieces, these binoculars begin to oscillate from side to side, taking maybe 10 seconds to die out.I'm going to have to find an aftermarket adapter for this product.",
      'overall': 3.0,
      'summary': 'Nice Binoculars, Terrible Tripod Adapter.',
      'unixReviewTime': 1282262400,
      'reviewTime': '08 20, 2010'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A3HGQW5TNUSS1G',
      'asin': 'B00008IHU2',
      'reviewerName': 'bjkim "bjkim"',
      'helpful': [37, 38],
      'reviewText': 'I\'ve had this camera for about a week now.  I love it.  My first digital camera was Kodak dx4330.  I was glad that I had the kodak one as my first digital camera because it was very user-friendly and easy to use.  But I wanted to have more advanced features, such as A/S/M control, white balance, macro mode, exposure compensation. This Olympus camera offers lots of features I was looking for.I must say that if you\'re a beginner photographer or new to the digital camera, this camera might be too complicated and not user-friendly.  However, for those looking for cameras with advanced features, such as various manual setups and ultra zoom, this is a great camera for a reasonable price range.When I tried to use the Movie mode with Sound (this model has an option of having Sound on or off with Movie mode), there was a constant mechanical grinding noise by the microphone and whenever I recorded the movie, it would record that annoying noise too.  I called the technical support at Olympus.  The person I talked to told me that that was "normal" for their digital cameras.  He could not offer any solutions to get rid of that noise.  I was so disappointed about this fault.  However, yesterday when I was trying different modes and options on this camera, I discovered that turning off "FULLTIME AF" option from Movie Mode Menu gets rid of that noise.  "FULLTIME AF" mode is offered in both Still Camera mode as well as in Movie mode.  In order not to have the grining noise recorded in your movie, you need to turn off "FULLTIME AF" from the Movie Mode menu option.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Great Digital Camera with Many Features',
      'unixReviewTime': 1075593600,
      'reviewTime': '02 1, 2004'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A2AT1OQ69PYRV7',
      'asin': 'B00008VF63',
      'reviewerName': 'A. C. Gaudette "ACGolf"',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'This is a good unit that I expect long use from. having the wind up case has advantages when in my brief case.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Good item',
      'unixReviewTime': 1356566400,
      'reviewTime': '12 27, 2012'},
     {'reviewerID': 'AA51AGYDH8WV3',
      'asin': 'B0001XGQTA',
      'reviewerName': 'M. Shoneff "pool dawg"',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'I am currently using the cable on the bic america f12 subwoofer. It works great with it too! Great cable overall!',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Great sunwoofer cable!',
      'unixReviewTime': 1326672000,
      'reviewTime': '01 16, 2012'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A3M5ALYIWGI0HI',
      'asin': 'B0001MQUOM',
      'reviewerName': 'Charlotte Flanagan',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'Good deal, good transaction. Happy with purchase. Quick shipping. What else can I say about batteries other than they worked as they usually would.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Sony Battery',
      'unixReviewTime': 1362441600,
      'reviewTime': '03 5, 2013'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A1U9WYM88FHIJX',
      'asin': 'B00005ATMB',
      'reviewerName': "BC's Rule!",
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'as described, what I needed',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Five Stars',
      'unixReviewTime': 1404259200,
      'reviewTime': '07 2, 2014'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A1BK60GZ4QME6I',
      'asin': 'B00003CWDG',
      'reviewerName': 'John W. Graham',
      'helpful': [1, 4],
      'reviewText': "The AV600 looks like a pretty standard power strip with bright colors painted on to help you organize and categorize your connections.  Stickers and cable guides come with the strip to help you organize.The strip seems to be well built, but I really can't say for sure whether it can live up to its claims.  I guess only an independent testing lab could do that.As far as the rated protection level, you could probably find another power protector that has a higher rating for a similar price.  However, my experience with the Monster branded products has been favorable, so I really bought this item based on the company reputation and past experience.One benefit of this power protector is that you can plug it in with the flat power connector and move your furniture (if applicable) close to the wall, unlike normal power strips where the plug sticks way out.If you have really high end equipment, or live in Florida as I do, I would recommending spending a little extra for more 'protection'.",
      'overall': 4.0,
      'summary': 'Not the best protection, but better than standard strips',
      'unixReviewTime': 1187827200,
      'reviewTime': '08 23, 2007'},
     {'reviewerID': 'ARXNCR30TUQB0',
      'asin': 'B00006RVPW',
      'reviewerName': 'Kelly Driscoll',
      'helpful': [5, 5],
      'reviewText': 'I am using the POE features of this to power up some Control4 touchscreens and it works great! I have not had any issues with this product..',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Works great!',
      'unixReviewTime': 1318723200,
      'reviewTime': '10 16, 2011'},
     {'reviewerID': 'ARP6KJ123AUT0',
      'asin': 'B0001BVXI6',
      'reviewerName': 'P. Billings',
      'helpful': [1, 1],
      'reviewText': "Other reviews are mixed with regard to use with wireless kbd/mouse, so I thought I'd chance it. No luck for me.Quality and layout were good, and it worked well with a wired keyboard.  It also *mostly* worked with my Logitech LX300 wireless keyboard (e.g., normal typing as well as nonstandard keys like VolumeUp, etc.).  Unfortunately, none of the hot-keys were recognized from the wireless, so I was unable to switch computers.I ultimately went with the TrendNet TK-209, which handled my wireless setup without issue.  It also has dedicated switching buttons in addition to the keyboard hot-key.",
      'overall': 3.0,
      'summary': 'not with my wireless',
      'unixReviewTime': 1226534400,
      'reviewTime': '11 13, 2008'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A3MCBV388X4A1Z',
      'asin': 'B0001ZA4PA',
      'reviewerName': 'M. Wood',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'Bought this for my Canon ZR800, and it greatly increases recording time.  Highly recommend.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'great battery',
      'unixReviewTime': 1205884800,
      'reviewTime': '03 19, 2008'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A1GZULYG4M5HHR',
      'asin': 'B00000J1QK',
      'reviewerName': 'Hammond B3',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "I can't say with any certainty that it's the end all laser cleaner. It's ingeneous approach does seem clever though. Consumers buy this product when their CD player starts skipping. I did too. If you're  lucky enough that the problem is a dirty laser, you're in luck. One cannot expect this humble product to fix a mechanical or lubrication problem. Good luck, it's definitely worth a try.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'It cleans the laser. Nobody said it repairs your CD player.',
      'unixReviewTime': 1367020800,
      'reviewTime': '04 27, 2013'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A1W5ZTZVSSBQ8D',
      'asin': 'B00007IFMJ',
      'reviewerName': 'M. R. WONG',
      'helpful': [6, 7],
      'reviewText': 'Hi, I have purchased this Viking SD card for more than three months now.  It works fine with my mp3 player as well as my Kodak DX6440 camera.No complaint for the excellent price at Amazon (...).Rating: highly recommended.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Three months, no problem, great pictures stored!!!',
      'unixReviewTime': 1091059200,
      'reviewTime': '07 29, 2004'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A30QICHP410FIT',
      'asin': 'B0001XE0P2',
      'reviewerName': 'Micah V. Olson "Micah V. Olson"',
      'helpful': [1, 1],
      'reviewText': "This is a great bag for a camera smaller than the Canon XTi which is what I bought it for and it didn't work. But I did have a smaller Sony Cybershot (like the one pictured) that did fit it!",
      'overall': 4.0,
      'summary': 'Good Bag.',
      'unixReviewTime': 1199664000,
      'reviewTime': '01 7, 2008'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A2HPJKM7L4EOQB',
      'asin': 'B00005Q5ZC',
      'reviewerName': 'Michelle M. Ress "safoocat"',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "I bought this camera because I like Fuji. Their cameras have good color.This is about their first digital so it's really a bargain today. The pictures are good. The lens gets covered up when the camera is turned off.It takes two AA batteries so that's good. The Smartmedia are also cheap enough.The camera is quick because it has a fixed focus so you just turn it on and shoot. Its small enough to fit in a large pocket. I highly recommendthis camera as a first camera or a camera to just keep in the tool box orpurse or backpack and not have to worry about. It's also a good camera for a child since it was good quality in its day it's still good now at a bargain price. If you need more resolution opt for the A201.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'a great first camera for adults or children',
      'unixReviewTime': 1228003200,
      'reviewTime': '11 30, 2008'},
     {'reviewerID': 'AAYHXW1N151V4',
      'asin': 'B00009R6TA',
      'reviewerName': 'Matthew J. Gush',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "I had previously purchased a $30 'normal' pack for all my equipment and later found this. Needless to say, I returned the pack and bought this. I couldnt be more pleased. Such an amazing pack, spaces for everything, and the main compartment is totally customizable with velcro partitions. Also includes the tripod strap which is a great plus. Great for the cost.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Amazing pack!',
      'unixReviewTime': 1211414400,
      'reviewTime': '05 22, 2008'},
     {'reviewerID': 'AGLHHBBYBPCF3',
      'asin': 'B0000510ZO',
      'reviewerName': 'I. Helgens "Uber Dork"',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "It's a cable.  Admittedly it's a pretty darn long cable, it's well made, and it does it's job.  I can't complain!",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Cable!',
      'unixReviewTime': 1383868800,
      'reviewTime': '11 8, 2013'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A3R9TR30AFDSKM',
      'asin': 'B0000A2QBP',
      'reviewerName': 'Rich',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'These are very nice quality MP3 male to male cables.  They look very nice, and were sold at a fair price.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'MP3 cables',
      'unixReviewTime': 1392595200,
      'reviewTime': '02 17, 2014'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A3B87PEZW8VD1O',
      'asin': 'B00006B9CR',
      'reviewerName': 'Nothing matters',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'Not sure what others might compare this to but personally this mouse is not at all that precise. It may be fine for general computer use, and the extra buttons are great to have, but this mouse is not that fine for 3D software. When it comes to very small movements, it lacks the sensitivity needed to make very minute moves.',
      'overall': 3.0,
      'summary': 'Not that great for 3D Modeling',
      'unixReviewTime': 1322265600,
      'reviewTime': '11 26, 2011'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A35XRT4BW4I6UD',
      'asin': 'B000068O3C',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "I got this for podcasting and music from mixer to laptop.  Works great and have no complaints. If you're trying to be the greatest thing ever maybe this isn't for you.  But for 99% of the world it won't make any difference.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Works Great',
      'unixReviewTime': 1346976000,
      'reviewTime': '09 7, 2012'},
     {'reviewerID': 'AKS7RYJ2RUME2',
      'asin': 'B0000513O4',
      'reviewerName': 'Paul J Varian',
      'helpful': [1, 1],
      'reviewText': 'The isobar arrived quickly and is very well built. Offers the most protection for the money recommend it for anything that may be sensitive to electrical changes such as voltage spikes.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Works great',
      'unixReviewTime': 1381363200,
      'reviewTime': '10 10, 2013'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A1T94N1RUSQB73',
      'asin': 'B00006BBAB',
      'reviewerName': 'doc',
      'helpful': [4, 4],
      'reviewText': "Woke up today at 530am to the sound of beeping uninterpretable power supplies (UPS). Thought there was a power outage. Nope. Had a nice big power spike. Thanks Baltimore Gas and Electric!(BGE)Several breakers were tripped. And 5 surge protectors blew. 3 were these Belkin SurgeCubes. They gave their life to protect my new washing machine, side by side fridge, and a garage door opener. All these devices continue to function. Would have had huge repair bills to fix those. I am getting 5 more to replace the failed ones. Cheeeeeaaapp protection! Nuff said.These cubes protected just as well as a Tripp Lite 3800 joule which also died in that surge.Had a surge in December too. Lost an alarm panel, and had to pay 300+ to replace a defrost module in that same fridge. That module would probably would have burned again if I didnt have a SurgeCube on it. All the new fridges have very expensive motherboards now. You better protect it.Called BGE, not very helpful. They need to check the transformer next to my driveway. They assigned a case number. Who knows when and if they will check it.Edit: Had a very experienced electrician check my homes wiring. All perfect.BGE did a load test on the transformer. No problems found. Said call them if I have a problem. Yeah OK.All burnt surge protectors have been replaced. So I guess I'm ready for the next surge... hopefully.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'These work! I know firsthand.',
      'unixReviewTime': 1374019200,
      'reviewTime': '07 17, 2013'},
     {'reviewerID': 'AM7PXENF8P2OR',
      'asin': 'B00004Y7CF',
      'reviewerName': 'Jason K. Charles',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'The HipZip has proven to be one of the most usefull gadgets that I have ever purchased. Not only does it play MP3s and WMAs flawless. It is also the most usefull portable drive that I have ever used. Transporting and backing up data to the HipZip is as easy as 1,2 (Drag,Drop) because Windows just sees the player as an external drive.Simply put if your looking for a good MP3 player that also serves another purpose, your looking for the Iomega HipZip Digital Auido Player.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'MP3 Player &amp; So Much More : )',
      'unixReviewTime': 1015372800,
      'reviewTime': '03 6, 2002'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A3HIDOOY4VTN3S',
      'asin': 'B00007M1TZ',
      'reviewerName': 'H. Miller "hanahal"',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'I have been using this model headset for a few years now. For the price, they are not only comfortable to wear, but sound good too. But as you would expect for this price, they are not built for the wear and tear we put them through. They generally last us for about a year and a half to two years on average (we have three headsets, one for each cordless phone) before we have a problem with the adjustable headband or the plug. But again, for the price, they are cheap to replace compared to units that cost three times as much and I am not sure they are constructed any better.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Utility Headset',
      'unixReviewTime': 1233792000,
      'reviewTime': '02 5, 2009'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A26Z7DPP4D706O',
      'asin': 'B00013BNLQ',
      'reviewerName': 'Donovan T. Taylor',
      'helpful': [1, 1],
      'reviewText': "If I was able to rate this as a 2.5 I would.After much frustration I was able to mount my Klipsch RB-51 speakers.The Bad1.  The instructions are pretty pointless.  They are printed on a tiny piece of paper and do not offer meaningful advice. If you are unsure of what piece goes where the instructions do assist with this, but there are not many parts so I don't think many people will not understand what will go where. I would have much preferred large detailed instructions detailing installation procedures for different wall types, and speaker weights.2.  The supplied wall anchor is completely useless. It is not strong enough for drywall and is unnecessary for mounting on a wall stud.3.  The allen key that comes in the package is completely inadequate. in my situation there was no way possible to get enough torque on the key to lock the speakers in place.The GoodThe mount offers the most placement flexibility of all the others.  The mount, ball, and speaker bracket appear to be made of heavy duty metal that has been power coated or painted nicely.  These parts look to be well made and durable.This product will work if you do the following.Do not use the provided wall anchors. Purchase heavy duty wall anchors. The wall anchors provided are insufficient for any load approaching 33%(6lbs) of the rated weight of these mounts.Purchase a heavy duty allen key or an allen key attachment(5mm I think)You will not be able to tighten the allen bolt enough using the provided key. I purchased a long (5mm) allen key power drill and ratchet attachment. That worked well as I was able to quickly screw the allen bolt in place with the power drill and the ratchet the bolt down with enough tension to hold the speakers at an appropriate angle.!!Caution!!..These allen bolts can strip easily.Would I buy this product again?...Yes I would... Only because of the vast placement flexibility the mount offers. Now that I know what is required for installation I fell I could do it again with limited frustration.Future consumers, Please heed this review as a warning.",
      'overall': 3.0,
      'summary': 'Okay at best...If you know the tricks.',
      'unixReviewTime': 1357603200,
      'reviewTime': '01 8, 2013'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A25QHHWZBASK88',
      'asin': 'B00005T3RC',
      'reviewerName': 'R. Keller',
      'helpful': [1, 1],
      'reviewText': 'Sounds way better than the original ear phones that come with the IPod, but not as snug on the ear.',
      'overall': 4.0,
      'summary': 'great sound',
      'unixReviewTime': 1173830400,
      'reviewTime': '03 14, 2007'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A2INGDHZFPDBFP',
      'asin': 'B00004T8R2',
      'reviewerName': 'Karl Burrows',
      'helpful': [1, 2],
      'reviewText': "I purchased 2 of these for my two children, 5 and 6, for some small netbooks I have that they like to use to play games or for a portable DVD player when we travel in the car.  They like the fit and feel of the headsets on their smaller heads vs. the plug style headphones.  One of the two has broken already after about 90 days.  The issue appears to be that the plug is a right angle plug which, when pulled out from the netbook or DVD player, it creates stress on the plug and it shorted out the connection.I ordered a replacement because the kids like them.  The kids like them and the price is right.  I have tried to get them to be more careful with the plugs, but I don't think it is their hands pulling on them as much as the design.  They are adequate and serve a good purpose for us.",
      'overall': 3.0,
      'summary': 'Adequate Headphones, Get What You Pay For',
      'unixReviewTime': 1314057600,
      'reviewTime': '08 23, 2011'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A3VUGOYLUS7YZD',
      'asin': 'B00009UTLU',
      'reviewerName': 'ReGameItDotCom',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'This stroboframe is outstanding! The quality and stability is great and feels nice and mycamera is nice and secure. I would definitely recommend this for any photographer.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Great Stroboframe!',
      'unixReviewTime': 1337299200,
      'reviewTime': '05 18, 2012'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A8G29WY725KQC',
      'asin': 'B00020S7XK',
      'reviewerName': 'T. Pendergrass "History Dawg"',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'This Sony radio is great. It is the proper size for taking to the garden or in the shop. It is the ultimate in simplicity, durability and function. It has no bells or whistles or other high tech stuff. It is just a radio that works. I heartily recommend it.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'What a simple, great radio',
      'unixReviewTime': 1255824000,
      'reviewTime': '10 18, 2009'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A14N78WO4E9M7N',
      'asin': 'B00007M1TZ',
      'reviewerName': 'J. R. Keller "jrobink"',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "but lack of ear pad on one side is uncomfortable. I didn't realize that it is made for a Panasonoc phone with a 2,5 p;ug rather than the 3.5 plug I needed. I was able to get a converter plug at Radio Shack for itl",
      'overall': 4.0,
      'summary': 'good microphone headset',
      'unixReviewTime': 1361404800,
      'reviewTime': '02 21, 2013'},
     {'reviewerID': 'AG0ZWURLDDBBL',
      'asin': 'B0000632FX',
      'reviewerName': 'szelivia',
      'helpful': [8, 8],
      'reviewText': 'I got this unit about months ago even before reading other peoples opinion. When I found out that some people had a "noise problem" with DVD or VCR I get scared and decide put it in a test. I continuously run DVD for four hours but only can hear a noise from it when volume was near to minimal and if you standing relatively close to the unit. I usually prefer SONY over other companies. But I think that DVD players from SONY overpriced. That is why I got Samsung M101 DVD player more than year ago and was very pleasant with it. Unfortunately M101 can\'t play CD or DVD-R. Also, I want to replace my six year or SONY VCR. This is the reason why I decided to buy this combo unit. Since I got it I\'m using DVD or VCR two/three times per week and so far so good.Conclusion. Base on my personal experience I\'m really highly recommend this model because it well build and probably best in 150-200$ price range. . The only problem I have to understand that you need to set up unit trough RF output first and then activate component output. That was confusing.It\'s looks like people falls into two category with this model who had no problem and like it and who run in to the problem right from the beginning and hate it. Hopefully I belong to the first category (But who knows.P.S. Recently I got a DVD+RW drive for my desktop and burn several homemade DVD. This unit perfectly plays DVD+R as well as DVD+RW.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'So far so good',
      'unixReviewTime': 1040601600,
      'reviewTime': '12 23, 2002'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A3SMT15X2QVUR8',
      'asin': 'B0001XAJ70',
      'reviewerName': 'Victoria Tarrani "writer, editor, artist, des...',
      'helpful': [26, 26],
      'reviewText': 'This receiver is easy to set up and configure, with a plethora of options, including setting room size, bass and treble, and various sound reproductions (jazz club, rock, sci-fi movies, etc.).I am using it with the Yamaha NS-P236 speaker package (ASIN: B0000W4U2W) that is a near-perfect match for this receiver, and am impressed with the sound quality. I have my satellite speakers ceiling mounted, and the center speaker elevated to five feet, and woofer on the floor and to the left of the receiver.The TV is set as monitor, and is connected via coax, and the other components connected are a Sony CD carousel and Sanyo combo DVD-VCR.  Each of these components sound much better through this receiver than they did when connected to an older receiver with which I upgraded to this unit.When I am practicing drums to CDs this receiver provides clear, pure music that seems to naturally blend with my play along.  This is partly because of the high-quality of the receiver itself, and partly because of the speakers and their placement.When in DVD mode the sounds and separation are incredible.Like others I found the remote control to be a bit of a challenge, but once you get used to the layout and buttons it does not detract (in my opinion) from the quality of this receiver.The set-up instructions, and the controls in the unit itself, are easy to understand and use. If you are looking for a high-quality receiver at an affordable price this is a bargain that does not cut corners with sould quality or flexibility in setting up for optimal sound in any size room.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Great value and sound',
      'unixReviewTime': 1097193600,
      'reviewTime': '10 8, 2004'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A13ELNABGIEV9M',
      'asin': 'B00005NIMR',
      'reviewerName': 'al1701',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'Got this for video transfers and it just works. Great conctruction quality and should last for years. I have owned other Belkin products over the years and have been pleased with there performace and build quality.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Works Great!!',
      'unixReviewTime': 1343952000,
      'reviewTime': '08 3, 2012'},
     {'reviewerID': 'AXO4PQU0XG3TG',
      'asin': 'B0001DBEM4',
      'reviewerName': 'Dwight',
      'helpful': [1, 1],
      'reviewText': "It's pretty.  The stands are sturdy because of the weighted ring base and the clear plastic is actually soothing to run your eyes across.I really was going to go my usual route and pick up something cheap  or something off of craigslist but since a previous cheapy purchase had broken and now a second hand craigslist purchase with an impressive sub woofer seemed to have died as well, I decided to get another subwoofer set. And I got a new one, I got a pretty one and I got a just right lightweight one and ... I love these speakers.  So I got something terrific but I had to pay for it.  :))p.s. Months later, it's still pretty, still a pleasure to work, I don't mind the volume rubbing at all and it goes just fine with my black pc system.Is this frugal?  no but I love owning it and looking at itWould I have purchased this used at a cheaper price off of craigslist?  noDid I shop around for the best total price including the manufacturer's website?  yes and so should you",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'My first speaker splurge $130.61',
      'unixReviewTime': 1151971200,
      'reviewTime': '07 4, 2006'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A1ILS0R3USIU9O',
      'asin': 'B00001P4ZH',
      'reviewerName': 'L. Tsomos',
      'helpful': [1, 1],
      'reviewText': "Finally found them on sale for $25. The sound is great. There is an emphasis on base but that's OK, I'm using this set with my FLAC player when I want music to wake me up and get me excited. I'm very happy with the purchase. If however you're looking for the perfect balance of sound and frequencies spend more money! For the average listener who just wants to get pumped, this is the set to buy. Besides, If you're listening to an iPod or any MP3 why would you want to spend more on a headset? There is only so much improvement that can be made considering the supression of the sound coming out of the device.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Wow',
      'unixReviewTime': 1388102400,
      'reviewTime': '12 27, 2013'},
     {'reviewerID': 'AR4K3SYUFBP4G',
      'asin': 'B000058AKE',
      'reviewerName': 'Amazon Customer',
      'helpful': [2, 2],
      'reviewText': 'It is small if you think it will be a big steamer.  It does hold lots of vegetables though and for 1 or 2 people is great.  As everyone says, handles are the weak part but for 24 dollars it is a good stainless steel product.',
      'overall': 4.0,
      'summary': 'Farberware Stainless Steel 3 quart steamer',
      'unixReviewTime': 1371340800,
      'reviewTime': '06 16, 2013'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A3HNK11TXH1AMI',
      'asin': 'B000089GN3',
      'reviewerName': 'Wylde Lee Coyote',
      'helpful': [1, 1],
      'reviewText': "if you want excellent quality and reliability at a respectable price... you can't beat Sennheiser headphones.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'excellent quality and reliability',
      'unixReviewTime': 1178409600,
      'reviewTime': '05 6, 2007'},
     {'reviewerID': 'ABF3ZITD6NK7D',
      'asin': 'B0000AOWW8',
      'reviewerName': 'Kob "kobcheie"',
      'helpful': [4, 4],
      'reviewText': 'I have used this mouse only for a couple of days. I had problems installing it on my notebook, it kept telling me there was a conflicting device. I soon found out it was the touchpad. It did not make sense to remove the touchpad driver? I did, then installed both drivers and it works now.One major things with this mouse is it has reception problems. The receiver needs to be really close. I eventually decided to exchange it with the wired version(explorer 3) because the wireless does not make sense, I have to carry around an extra unit(receiver) and I need to replace batteries. Also wired version costs significantly less. I prefer robustness over fanciness.The extra buttons on the left side is not very friendly. Side scrolling would be a plus with working spreadsheets etc...',
      'overall': 4.0,
      'summary': 'Good design, connection problems',
      'unixReviewTime': 1078444800,
      'reviewTime': '03 5, 2004'},
     {'reviewerID': 'AE42KZISAQRW7',
      'asin': 'B00004Z5D1',
      'reviewerName': 'onehappyamazonian',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'As far as I know, there has been no static discharge on my parts (computer has been up and running for a couple weeks now) so that must mean it did its job. Always a good thing to have when building your own computer.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'No static discharge on my parts',
      'unixReviewTime': 1380672000,
      'reviewTime': '10 2, 2013'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A3LMR19UEG9H7I',
      'asin': 'B00006B8C5',
      'reviewerName': 'Rosc',
      'helpful': [1, 1],
      'reviewText': "I needed a serial card for a linux system whose onboard serial port was being stupid. This works like a charm. If you need a pci serial card, this one'll do er.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': "It's a serial card...Nothing more nothing less",
      'unixReviewTime': 1267833600,
      'reviewTime': '03 6, 2010'},
     {'reviewerID': 'AJC8D3BXWXHUL',
      'asin': 'B00005MAAR',
      'reviewerName': 'Robert Hunter',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'Cons: this camera is heavy and bulky.  For the price, it is only around 2 mega pixels which isnt good.  I had this camera for a while then the zoom wouldnt come all the way out and it says "system error" every time  i turn it on so i cannot use it anymore.Pros:  the pictures turn out decent.  It is a solid camera but do not drop it on the lens contraption because you will have the same problem of it not turning on and its garabe now.',
      'overall': 2.0,
      'summary': 'Nikon coolpix 775',
      'unixReviewTime': 1162857600,
      'reviewTime': '11 7, 2006'},
     {'reviewerID': 'AI3DNBWDL04ZD',
      'asin': 'B00005LENO',
      'reviewerName': 'Gatorowl',
      'helpful': [32, 33],
      'reviewText': 'Nikon released its 1.4G "update" of the 1.4D a few years ago.  If you look at the Amazon.com reviews of that lenses, you might think that it was a major improvement over the 1.4D.It was not.The obvious benefit of the G is that it provides autofocus on Nikon cameras that don\'t have "screw-drive" motors built in.  Autofocusing requires a motor to physically move the lens elements into the proper position to produce a focused image.  This motor can be built into the camera or the lens.  Older Nikon cameras and enthusiast-pro level cameras have AF motors.  Consumer-grade cameras (e.g. D40, D3000-D5100) do not. Therefore, Nikon needed to produce a "standard" (50mm) lens for these consumers. Nikon has subsequently introduced,  in its G-range of prime lenses, 35mm f/1.8 (with a 52.5mm equivalent FOV, close to standard on DX), 60mm f/2.8, 85mm f/3.5 and 105mm f/2.8. Recently, Nikon announced a 50mm 1.8G, which gives another option to consider.  All of these lenses will autofocus on any and all of Nikon\'s DSLR cameras.So what other benefits does the 50mm f/1.4G offer over the older D model?Some claim that the G has better AF accuracy than the D.  I don\'t know, since I don\'t shoot action photography with the 50mm.  I do know that my keeper rate is no lower than any of my other lenses including the 35mm 1.8G.  However, one thing that is clear is that the G focuses much slower than the D (see the review on slrgear.com).  In their tests, the G is over 60% slower focusing than the D focuses on the D90. Compared to a D on a D700, the G is 150% slower. Notice that focus speed with a screw-drive lens depends on the speed of the camera motor.  The D90 has the slowest motor, but is still substantially faster focusing the D than the G focuses on any camera.As for IQ, most of the review sites find little difference between the two lenses. The G is better at some apertures, the D is better at others, and both are weak at 1.4 (most reviews give a slight nod to the G at 1.4). Personally, I rarely use this lens.  I typically gravitate towards the 35mm for general use (it gives me the traditional standard FOV), and I put on my 85mm for portrait shots. However, I am amazed when I look through my photos at how sharp and contrasty my 50mm D shots are.  I sometimes have to take a second look to confirm that they are 50mm shots and not 35mm shots.  Thus, there isn\'t enough of an IQ difference to move up to the G. Given the G\'s slow focusing, you might miss a few shots that you would have gotten with the D.50mm lenses are truly capable of taking wonderful shots.  Given the slight price premium (~$200) over the 1.8, I would pick the 1.4. In a pinch, you will get decent results at f/1.4 and f/1.6.  Your results may not be magazine-grade at these wide-open apertures, but they will be as good or better than most shots you take with a kit lens (any of the 18-XXX lenses).  Some of those kit lenses produce extremely sharp results.  But they are lacking in color and contrast.  The 50mm loses contrast wide open, but the color stays strong.  More importantly, you have shots at 1.4 and 1.6.  Is it worth the $200 premium?  Considering that you get to play with up to 60% more light it is in my opinion worth the premium if you can afford it.  Remember that Nikon charges over $1500 to step up from 1.8 to 1.4 in its 85mm range, so the $200 premium is an incredible bargain.So, if you are on an extremely limited budget and have a D80 or higher end camera, get the 1.8D.  The extra speed is nice, but not essential.  If you can afford it, and are enthusiastic about photography and have a camera that can drive it, get the 1.4D.  Finally, if you want 50mm, but have a consumer-grade camera, you have to get either a G or a third-party lens.',
      'overall': 4.0,
      'summary': 'So Many Choices: The 1.8D, 1.4D or the 1.4G?',
      'unixReviewTime': 1297555200,
      'reviewTime': '02 13, 2011'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A35DYPZ2RPG881',
      'asin': 'B00007AP2O',
      'reviewerName': 'A. Gadgeff',
      'helpful': [1, 1],
      'reviewText': "It's an adapter. Does exactly what it's supposed to. Have an old keyboard and/or mouse that are way too awesome to trash but use PS/2 connectors? That's the thingamajig for you.Without a doubt, mechanical keyboard fans would love it.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Yay, old tech?',
      'unixReviewTime': 1360195200,
      'reviewTime': '02 7, 2013'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A1R8PH068RYY8Y',
      'asin': 'B0000ULJWS',
      'reviewerName': 'Eclipse01',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'I was really skeptical on buying this item because I nobody really mentions this item working for an Ipod touch however, I decided to buy it anyway givin that it was pretty cheap.It fits great in the tunedock, my only problem with this is you can not insert a 3.5 headphone cable in the ipod but an easy fix involving a drill can get around this.overall great product and exactly what I needed.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'great product',
      'unixReviewTime': 1238371200,
      'reviewTime': '03 30, 2009'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A23LEILZX41V7Y',
      'asin': 'B00009R8A1',
      'reviewerName': 'Jiggy955 "Jiggy955"',
      'helpful': [0, 1],
      'reviewText': 'The bag is not as great as the reviews would have you believe. Limited amount of space and the inserts leave a lot to be desired.',
      'overall': 3.0,
      'summary': 'More hype than substance',
      'unixReviewTime': 1366243200,
      'reviewTime': '04 18, 2013'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A1OCFM0FF9UJHG',
      'asin': 'B00006HR5F',
      'reviewerName': 'preventDefault',
      'helpful': [9, 9],
      'reviewText': "If you're looking at this, you already know that compressed air just moves dust around.  You want something that removes it from your computers and other electronics.For the past 10 years, I've been using whatever I had around to vacuum PC cases.  Small car vacuums, the hose attachment on my Dyson ball, etc.  To me, it was hard to justify spending hundreds of dollars on a regular vacuum for my house.  So when I saw this product on Amazon, I skipped right past it. ~$200 for a vacuum that I'll only use on electronics?But the cheaper alternatives on Amazon had pretty bad reviews.  So they didn't seem like an improvement over what I was currently doing.So I took the chance and bought the 3M.  When it first arrived, I opened the case and thought &#34;Oh no.&#34;  I had the vacuum, but no hose, power plug, or attachments.  For $200 I shouldn't have to buy these extra!But it turns out, it's not really advertised in any of the pictures I see posted (so I'll post one of my own after this review), that the lid of the case, when it opens, contains a door that's held shut by a small strip of velcro.  You remove the slip, the door opens, and everything's there.  This alone is starting to make the $200 worth it for me -- the convenience of the design.  When closed, the vacuum is basically a closed toolbox with a handle on top.  Everything you need is contained in there -- nothing can be forgotten, fall out, etc.  This makes it great for transporting it in your car, or carrying it around your building.  There's actually a little extra room in the top lid so you can stash a philips screwdriver in there too, or any other small items you feel you might need when using this.I plug it in and start cleaning, and I'm able to get every single bit of dust out of this computer.  When using my other makeshift electronic vacuums, they had no problem getting the big chunks of dust that are highly visible and accessible.  Vents, edges of the case, etc. were no problem.  But they often left behind surface dust, so they still looked dirty.  And some areas I couldn't get at all.  The attachments you get on car vacuums and floor vacuums are meant to get in the corners of your house and car... but not in the corners of a small case.But this 3M vacuum has a flexible enough hose and plenty of attachments to not only get the stuff you originally got in there to get, but also all of the surface dust.  It makes things look brand new when you're done with them.  You can get in-between PCI cards and RAM modules, get the dust within the individual fins of heatsinks, off the blades of fans, etc.  If you can see it, you can get it.  About the noise... it's about the same as the vacuums I've used before.  It's not something I'd use at night when people are sleeping, and the pets still run when I turn it on... but it's about as loud as a vacuum is expected to be and nothing more.I've only used it once, and that was my experience.  Down the road I may update this review as I use it more often but it seems perfect.  The only thing I'd change is to make the manual slightly thinner so it fits up in the lid instead of on the top of the white plastic box.  It's not like I opened it before I started cleaning or anything, though.  You can probably leave that out of the case if it bothers you too much.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'How did I go so long without one of these?',
      'unixReviewTime': 1364947200,
      'reviewTime': '04 3, 2013'},
     {'reviewerID': 'APNI0D19W2VQR',
      'asin': 'B00000DM9W',
      'reviewerName': 'Ed Strickler "Habitsofmine"',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "No need in me going thru all of the features... you can see them in the product description.A few things that are important though before you purchase a radio for your bathroom.1. Make sure it has a digital tuner. You want to know you are on the right station and you don't want it to drift.2. Get one that has a large battery capacity.3. Ensure it has a power-off timer. You don't want to have to remember to shut it off when you leave the room.As far as reception - mine picks up great! (even without the antenna extension)This unit has all of these features, plus many more. I think you will be very pleased if you purchase this unit - I know I am!!",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Great radio for the bathroom!',
      'unixReviewTime': 1198800000,
      'reviewTime': '12 28, 2007'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A5VJUBG4HK80',
      'asin': 'B000062VUO',
      'reviewerName': 'Grandpa54',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'My buddy had a pair of these and when i heard them i fell in love.The sound coming out of these speakers is incredible.I cant imagine any other pc speakers would have much of a chance competing with these.For the price that is.Bass on the sub is deep and rich.The satellites sound great also with nice clean highs and midrange.You bet i recommend these""They are worth every penny and some.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Awesome pc speakers',
      'unixReviewTime': 1341100800,
      'reviewTime': '07 1, 2012'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A25J6BZ5ZG2Q9X',
      'asin': 'B00009XVCZ',
      'reviewerName': 'Blues&Cheese',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'A great alternative to the f/1.8, well worth the additional cost.  Takes great shots, excellent bokeh and super crisp images.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Great Lens',
      'unixReviewTime': 1360800000,
      'reviewTime': '02 14, 2013'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A1V4VVBQBFXRHC',
      'asin': 'B0001XGQTA',
      'reviewerName': 'Big-D',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'I needed a long Sub cord that I could hide away in the wall. For the price, this cord is top quality. Works perfect, is very durable and does exactly what it is supposed to do. Could spend a lot more, but why?',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Great Price',
      'unixReviewTime': 1242864000,
      'reviewTime': '05 21, 2009'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A22BLJR5YR5Y2E',
      'asin': 'B0000ALLYO',
      'reviewerName': 'Barry J. Connolly',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "Works well in my 1960-vintage Polaroid Model 100-class film pack cameras. Works out to about a dollar a print. I'm using it for a fine art photography project. Good color and saturation. Develops in 2 minutes at room temp. WIsh Fuji made film for the other Polaroid models. Third party film is available for those models but is very expensive and colors unpredictable (which can be a good thing depending on your objective!)",
      'overall': 4.0,
      'summary': 'Lower cost than most for fresh dated film',
      'unixReviewTime': 1391126400,
      'reviewTime': '01 31, 2014'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A2N5YX7DLGPG3K',
      'asin': 'B00004Y2US',
      'reviewerName': 'Fred H.',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'Nice cord for practicing - a bit more solid than some less expensive models and I can tell it will last longer.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Good Stuff',
      'unixReviewTime': 1242432000,
      'reviewTime': '05 16, 2009'},
     {'reviewerID': 'AA5KZBF1IUJEQ',
      'asin': 'B0000X65IS',
      'reviewerName': 'Charles Higdon',
      'helpful': [1, 1],
      'reviewText': 'It works just like it should. It holds a charge for a long time and can be recharged while still in my camera. No complaints here.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'No problems',
      'unixReviewTime': 1355097600,
      'reviewTime': '12 10, 2012'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A24MMLFIQS2CD0',
      'asin': 'B00005NCWM',
      'reviewerName': 'et',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'okay okay, so we all know by now this isn\'t something an "audiophile" would recommend or use.  we get it, so stop taking points away from this thing because it simplifies an audio setup at the expense of degrading a little SQ.i rent a townhome (key word, rent), and it is wired with speakers in every room of the house with volume controls in those rooms as well.  you can tell the system was very nice at one time, however the home amplifier (that also oddly enough controls the doorbells, the phones, and the speakers) does not work.  my landlord is pretty lazy about fixing it, so i decided to take matters into my own hands.  i can\'t do anything about the doorbell or phones, but that\'s okay because the actual default bell is loud enough for us, and we only own cell phones so don\'t care about the land line functionality.  the speakers, however, are a big disappointment.after much researching i found two options essentially: a cheap multi-zone sherwood receiver that can be had for a reasonable price on amazon, or this speaker selector.  the latter was really more ideal in my situation because it was cheaper (and since i\'m renting, less money invested in something that doesn\'t belong to me is better); and secondly, i don\'t even know the ohmage of the speakers in my house, and the grills to the speakers are glued/nailed to the ceiling shut and won\'t come off without cutting into the ceiling.  again, cutting into the ceiling of a rented unit isn\'t practical for me, so a device like this unit that can control the impedance for me for cheap is perfect.i paired this unit with a receiver i got off of craigslist for $40, and plus some mounting hardware i was able to bring to life my home\'s surround sound for less than $100 altogether.  which is a great investment for a system in a rented place.  i\'m contemplating "selling" my setup to my landlord now so that any future tenants can enjoy it also.as for SQ: it isn\'t that bad, really.  i have 100w per channel hooked to this thing (max rating) and two channels are driving 6 speakers in essence.  it still gets plenty loud and the clarity is still there.  i hooked up the receiver to just 2 of the speakers in the house whilst cutting out the selector altogether; the sound was better for those two speakers without this selector, but it was impressive how *not* much better it was than when all speakers connected through this device.anyway, long story short, this is very convenient unit.  to someone in a similar situation as me, this was the difference in saving some big bucks.  keep in mind most multi-zone receivers out there will run you $500+ easily.  if you just need a simple fix for whatever reason, this unit is absolutely the way to go.  great invention, great find, thanks amazon!',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'very convenient little contraption',
      'unixReviewTime': 1295308800,
      'reviewTime': '01 18, 2011'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A17U3E7FPECCLM',
      'asin': 'B00007E7C8',
      'reviewerName': 'Two_Wheeler_UJM "A very frugal gadgeteer"',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "My old headphones died out after a number of years so after reading reviews I selected these. I'm not an audiophile, they do what I need them to do and the price was great. I have not experienced any discomfort wearing them for several hours. If I had to nag about one thing it is that the spring tension is a little to high. I could take off my old ones with one hand, but if I do that with these, the slam together as soon as they are off my head.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Good replacements',
      'unixReviewTime': 1392076800,
      'reviewTime': '02 11, 2014'},
     {'reviewerID': 'ARAP34O8L0BKB',
      'asin': 'B0000BZOGJ',
      'reviewerName': 'Talavar',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "I have an off brand laptop, with a 17.1&#34; screen, and this backpack fits my laptop with ease.  Not only that, but it has a lot of pockets, to store notebooks, papers, pencils, etc, with plenty of room to spare.Very nice.  I've only had it for a couple of days, but it looks like it was constructed very well.",
      'overall': 4.0,
      'summary': 'Tons of room',
      'unixReviewTime': 1375574400,
      'reviewTime': '08 4, 2013'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A3OGZ5RW9MQRFK',
      'asin': 'B00008KWWF',
      'reviewerName': 'John F. Rothermel "JohnR"',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "I have used this strange looking mouse at work for several years and it makes it possible to go through the whole day without my fingers getting numb. Last year, I got a new Mac and it came wiht the wireless mouse.  After trying it for several months, I noticed that my wrist starting hurting about 15 minutes into using the Mac. I checked to see if the renaisnce mouse was still available.  When I saw it was, I immediately ordered.  Now, the pain has gone away at home as well as at work.  The mouse has its own wrist-rest and you simpy move you whole arm (just a little).  Doesn't take long at all to get used to it.  Plugged in to usb port, Mac recognized immediately and in business.  I've tried ball mice, wireless and other types and this is the only one that doesn't hurt after a short time.  Try it and you will be pleasantly surprised.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'saves your wrist',
      'unixReviewTime': 1200787200,
      'reviewTime': '01 20, 2008'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A1L0D739FY7T6G',
      'asin': 'B00004RIUB',
      'reviewerName': 'Matthew J. Gordon "barabajagal"',
      'helpful': [8, 8],
      'reviewText': 'For all of those who have had trouble getting this to HotSync under WinXP, a Palm support person finally got it fixed for me with a very simple solution.  Make sure of the following:1) Make sure you are using Palm Desktop 4.0.1, NOT anything later.  If you need to uninstall 4.1, and download the older Desktop 4.0.1, it is hard to find but can be found here: [...]2) From there, basically follow Palm\'s instructions, except:3) Make sure both Local Serial and Local USB are checked in the HotSync menu,4) Check under Hotsync Setup that the Hotsync (virtual) Com Port used matches the PalmConnect Com port under Hardware...Device Manager..Ports (COM & LPT), and5) SET THE SPEED TO THE SLOWEST SPEED (9600).  This is the key to all our problems!Then, after successfully performing a HotSync at the slow speed, you can bump the speed back up to "As fast as possible".With this I\'ll bump my rating up to 3 stars because it works but has poor manual and web site explanations for installing the drivers.Below is my original one-star review from yesterday, for reference:The box says it\'s compatible with Win98, Me and 2000. Palm supposedly has upgraded the drivers for XP- I downloaded these from the Palm web site.  When installing this (on a new laptop with WinXP with no serial port) according to the instructions, everything seems to install fairly smoothly except that afterwards Hotsync can\'t find the "serial port" it\'s looking for.  Which of course is the whole point of the device.  I tried the suggestion of another user who said you need to use version 4.0.1 of Palm Desktop.  I tried that and it gets a little farther along- recognizing "USB serial adaptor" as the installation device- but still doesn\'t work.  Very frustrating.',
      'overall': 1.0,
      'summary': 'XP ISSUE FIXED!!!',
      'unixReviewTime': 1100476800,
      'reviewTime': '11 15, 2004'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A1K7UR1PGQX8CH',
      'asin': 'B000067SMH',
      'reviewerName': 'Ben "Ben"',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'Bought similar product on ebay for $12, had bad image ghosting problems & caused audio noise interference also.  This cable is much better quality, thicker, and eliminated the problems.  Perfect picture quality.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Worth the extra $',
      'unixReviewTime': 1325808000,
      'reviewTime': '01 6, 2012'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A2HR6S3ZHQ1867',
      'asin': 'B00004WCGF',
      'reviewerName': 'jmarie417',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "Probably one of the best made camera bags I've used - it's strong and durable and the production overall is really well done. We use this for our Cannon VIXIA HF G10 which fits the camera and the hood scoop but not enough to carry additional lenses or any other equipment such as stabalizing arms, microphone or lighting.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Heavy Duty & Durable',
      'unixReviewTime': 1358899200,
      'reviewTime': '01 23, 2013'},
     {'reviewerID': 'ATFLVVU3EFTOM',
      'asin': 'B00009R6WT',
      'reviewerName': 'T. Farris',
      'helpful': [3, 18],
      'reviewText': 'I use it on my 5D...Nothing more needs to be said if you know about the 5D...right?Timtfarrisphotography.com',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'excellent lens',
      'unixReviewTime': 1216857600,
      'reviewTime': '07 24, 2008'},
     {'reviewerID': 'AXL2BEUYH0SVM',
      'asin': 'B00007FGU7',
      'reviewerName': 'Weeelord',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'The cable arrived within a couple days and works fine, im happy with the quality and its nice to be able to move around my surround sound system.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Very Happy',
      'unixReviewTime': 1353542400,
      'reviewTime': '11 22, 2012'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A2I89FGXBGC8NZ',
      'asin': 'B0001XGQRC',
      'reviewerName': 'argiope',
      'helpful': [0, 4],
      'reviewText': 'Connector fell off while attaching to the wall for the first time.Useless.',
      'overall': 1.0,
      'summary': 'Avoid it.  Connectors fall off too easy.',
      'unixReviewTime': 1267488000,
      'reviewTime': '03 2, 2010'},
     {'reviewerID': 'AF0MMQVKO79J1',
      'asin': 'B000233ZMU',
      'reviewerName': 'Joshua L. Beckett',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "I bought two of these and put them in different computers.I noticed that it helped the odd airflow quite a bit.However, the LEDs in both of these cards that I bought started dimming after literally 5 hours.I was somewhat disappointed, but I didn't buy these for the LEDs, mind you.I would have given this 5 stars but the LEDs going out were kinda ridiculous even if they don't really matter.",
      'overall': 4.0,
      'summary': "Does It's Job",
      'unixReviewTime': 1395187200,
      'reviewTime': '03 19, 2014'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A1PHOPS0I4ADML',
      'asin': 'B00002EQCW',
      'reviewerName': 'TJ',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "Much better build quality than Linksys. For switch to hide behind your equipment I would recommend. The ability to mount this on a wall is a plus for cluttered equipment situations.Ok I'm back! Its now 3 years later and........still going strong I'll have to change this to 5 stars, cisco switches are good for one year. I would suggest picking up the gigabit version with 8 ports, leave room to grow this piece of equipment will out last most items you will be plugging into it :).",
      'overall': 4.0,
      'summary': 'Well Built',
      'unixReviewTime': 1285977600,
      'reviewTime': '10 2, 2010'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A1GUNDQSGLTI4S',
      'asin': 'B00006JILC',
      'reviewerName': 'MysticFireball',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "I just bought my third pair of these headphones!  I can't find anything better for my needs - a good fitting earclip.  They have only lasted about 5-6 months each, but the price has been reasonable ($10-20 each over the past two years), so I don't mind replacing them.  I put my headphones through a lot of abuse, and they hold up decently considering.The best part of these headphones: the earclip has a strong wire at the core, covered in a soft plastic/rubber, so I can mold them to fit my tiny ears perfectly!  I have never found headphones with a better earclip - others I have bought (at stores) either have no strong wire at the core or are not easy to shape to fit the ear.Plus, the part that goes into the ear doesn't go all the way inside and is padded, so my ears don't hurt after long music sessions.  Earbud fans who want the earpiece to go all the way into the ear might not be happy with these headphones, but I find earbuds irritating in my ears, so these are a welcome change.The first versions I got were red and black, very simple, while the one I just received (July 2009) is the same design, only it is now blue and white, with the added bonus of a slim/sleek volume control toggle on the cord.Note:  If these are still listed as unavailable, and you want a pair, you might look at the Koss ClipperO headphones listed on Amazon - they look almost the same, though I can't vouch for them specifically.I'm not an expert on sound, but I have never been unhappy with the sound quality, though I can't say I have high standards.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'I keep coming back',
      'unixReviewTime': 1247529600,
      'reviewTime': '07 14, 2009'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A3SIZVHWCTD9Z3',
      'asin': 'B0001A3N44',
      'reviewerName': 'William Grayson',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "Giving a bad review because you didn't research or understand a product's use only makes you a bad reviewer.This product does what it claims, cuts flash recycling time down so you can fire at a faster rate or at least not have to wait as long for the flash to be ready. It does this by adding a 5th battery to the SB-800, ingenius!I was a little nervous bending the standard SB-800 battery door beyond 90* to remove it, I went slow and as it bent back the 2 little prongs popped out...easy!Place 1x new battery into the SD-800 and 4x new batteries into the SB-800. Align the marks and slide it on until it clicks.Make sure you use 5 new batteries or 5 matched batteries if using rechargable.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Quick Recycle!',
      'unixReviewTime': 1302048000,
      'reviewTime': '04 6, 2011'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A1PSMCZN7YVSS6',
      'asin': 'B000067VBM',
      'reviewerName': 'Eren D',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'I was looking for a set of slim cases to distribute a video DVD to my family and friends, and these do the job. The back piece that holds the CD/DVD is semi-clear and the front lid is clear.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Nice slim cases',
      'unixReviewTime': 1324944000,
      'reviewTime': '12 27, 2011'},
     {'reviewerID': 'AVLVW0JR52UO',
      'asin': 'B00004ZCJE',
      'reviewerName': 'DDriver',
      'helpful': [1, 1],
      'reviewText': "I've got this filter as a free add-on for nikkor 35/1.8f lens. It can't handle any direct light, literally, any light (lamp, reflect from the lamp, etc). It has enormous reflects. Basically, it has the same optic properties as piece of regular glass. I wouldn't spend any penny on this item.",
      'overall': 2.0,
      'summary': 'Useless filter for shooting in most conditions',
      'unixReviewTime': 1309219200,
      'reviewTime': '06 28, 2011'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A2NQ5LLFYUKUFL',
      'asin': 'B00000JCT8',
      'reviewerName': 'Vasile Tudoran',
      'helpful': [1, 1],
      'reviewText': "This mic works well, but it's a bit awkward.  I got it because the webcam I was using didn't have a built-in microphone for my Yahoo Messenger and Skype live chats.  It was crisp and clear sounding, but I've since upgraded my webcam and no longer need it so much.",
      'overall': 4.0,
      'summary': 'Works good, but awkward.',
      'unixReviewTime': 1359417600,
      'reviewTime': '01 29, 2013'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A7GXT5V1VL5UT',
      'asin': 'B00005NCWK',
      'reviewerName': 'J. Leigh "JL"',
      'helpful': [30, 33],
      'reviewText': 'Solid construction. Solid spring-loaded buttons.Tested with both RCA and Svideo inputs as well as stereo mini output. Everything works as advertised.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Solid',
      'unixReviewTime': 1114128000,
      'reviewTime': '04 22, 2005'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A2ROHUWT7NK5O8',
      'asin': 'B0000899ZB',
      'reviewerName': 'LinuxAndroid "camel"',
      'helpful': [5, 13],
      'reviewText': "Does not work with non-Apple base stations! I had a PowerMac G5. I was told by Apple retail store clerks it will work any wireless G access points. But No! At my house my PC can see no less than 6 wireless AP's (some from neighbors, one mine). But this Airport card can only see one (which is an Apple Airport Station)! Tried everything ( Googled, set encryption modes,  slow downed my LinkSys WAP tranfering bitrate to 2Mbps etc...) and no luck. Returning it tomorrow.",
      'overall': 1.0,
      'summary': 'Do not work with non-Apple access points!',
      'unixReviewTime': 1147132800,
      'reviewTime': '05 9, 2006'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A2EHTHRUV61YP2',
      'asin': 'B0000AHEMT',
      'reviewerName': 'Radio Buff',
      'helpful': [9, 10],
      'reviewText': 'My wife and I like to listen to AM talk radio and some FM as well, in the evenings. We are spending a lot of time at her dad\'s house doing some renovations on weekends. I got frustrated with the hassle of unplugging the hard to reach charger on the bedside radio and sometimes forgetting to bring the radio so I started shopping for a radio I could keep in the backpack. I wanted AM/FM and an alarm and a good brand. I like to buy things from people that have been making things for a long time, they tend to get more things right. I did not spend a lot of time on research and somehow I settled on the Grundig G1000A, I think it was the familiarity with the brand name, the shortwave capabilities and availability at a local Radio Shack store that made the decision for me. I really like the little thing. I am a long time licensed Amateur Radio Op and Electrical Engineer and I found nothing to make me unhappy with the radio. Scanning a shortwave band with the manual tuning knob is actually faster/easier/better than with the pushbutton scan feature on my Radio Shack DX 395 bedside radio. Sensitivity on the shortwave bands is just a tad less than the DX 395. The audio is pretty good through the tiny speaker, and really good with the included ear buds. The radio came with batteries, I thought that was a nice touch. Battery life is quite good. The leatherette case is a very nice touch, I can put the radio in it, put the whole thing in the box and put it all in the backpack and not worry about throwing the backpack around. The little radio is a good looking thing and that is something I appreciate. The Black on Silver motif is easy on the eye. Some of the lettering on the front panel is on the top of some plastic and it appears to "float" and produces a "3D" effect that is just nice. I can not express how I feel about stuff from Japan with black lettering on black plastic!! How stupid can a designer be?? This little radio gets an "A" for design all the way around, the tuning knob being on the opposite side of the volume knob makes the unit very easy to tune and adjust the volume and you can operate the band switch with your thumb at the same time. The frequency tends to drift a little bit, all analog tune radios have that problem, this is not severe at all, mine always drifts downward on the AM band so I tune a little above the frequency and can listen for hours without having to worry about it. You have to get the idea that you fine tune the radio with your ear, not by looking at the frequency display, small changes in freq. can be tuned with no change in the display since the display is really an add on.I give this radio a "5" not on any technical matter but on the design and the fun factor. I have some fun with it listening to Shortwave and it works perfectly for the main reasons I bought it. Kudos to Grundig.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Cute little radio',
      'unixReviewTime': 1157328000,
      'reviewTime': '09 4, 2006'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A1KXIC2B4ZZY7O',
      'asin': 'B00005B9W6',
      'reviewerName': 'John Palmer',
      'helpful': [2, 2],
      'reviewText': "NOw, I've not used it on many CD's, the two that I used were CD-R disks and one has several major scratches and on one try, I got it to play much better, but it needs another pass or two to get it working perfectly. The first one was done perfectly after going it one direction, and then the other as directed in the instructions.The key is to keep the disc moist while cranking, which means respraying as necessary. I grant you it's not always easy to see where you began when you reverse direction. I have the manual version and I don't think it took me 25 minutes to do one CD. It may not be perfect, but according to the box, it will do virtually any 3.5 inch disc, be it CD, DVD, CD-ROM - whatever. In any event, I find it a pretty good product. I've not used it on DVD's as all my DVD's are in great shape.If you take reasonable care of your CD/DVD etc collection, the need for this product is not as great, but like alot of things, if the CD is used outside the home, in the car w/ a single disc player or what have you, chances are it will get scratches, and some enough to cause mistracking. Having this product handy should restore the majority of the skipping discs.",
      'overall': 4.0,
      'summary': "It's a great product in my book",
      'unixReviewTime': 1075075200,
      'reviewTime': '01 26, 2004'},
     {'reviewerID': 'AZPOUCM043IY8',
      'asin': 'B00009R8RS',
      'reviewerName': 'M. Koll',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'Cheap and instant macro lens.  The threads are well cut and the lens screws on smoothly.  But it is not a replacement for a good macro lens.  You do lose all automatic functionality of the lens.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Wonderful',
      'unixReviewTime': 1381622400,
      'reviewTime': '10 13, 2013'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A2UIH7H2653DFS',
      'asin': 'B00009R89T',
      'reviewerName': 'R.M. Fernandez',
      'helpful': [2, 2],
      'reviewText': 'This is the perfect walk around bag for me, but it\'s not without tradeoffs.Size-wise this bag is pretty compact and can still fit all of the DSLR equipment I need at any one time. I\'m able to fit my 5D (a rather large dslr) with a medium length lens attached, 2 extra lenses (with space for 2 more), as well as all my filters and filter holders. You give up a little bit in padding to gain the extra space with the Domke. Because this bag is made out of heavy duty canvas instead of padded nylon, it\'s much more inconspicuous and doesn\'t scream "I\'m a camera bag!!"If gear protection is high on your list of priorities out of a camera bag, this may not be the one for you. The latches keep everything locked into place securely, but there isn\'t a zipper to seal off the outside elements (although the top flap does cover any opening).Having all of the gear I need with me in a lightweight, convenient-access bag was high on my list of priorities. So for me, it\'s just what I needed. I chose this over the F-2 Original because it can still carry a lot without looking like a small duffle bag.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'The Perfect Walk Around Bag...',
      'unixReviewTime': 1336176000,
      'reviewTime': '05 5, 2012'},
     {'reviewerID': 'AFJ6ZVBQG4LRK',
      'asin': 'B0001NNLHK',
      'reviewerName': 'Too Cold in Madison',
      'helpful': [2, 2],
      'reviewText': "First off, fantastic sound. Very comfortable. Excellent isolation. The more I listen, the more I like them. If you don't mind paying more than the cost of some MP3 players for earbuds, you won't be disappointed. Of course, then there's the E5c at $500, but I could not bring myself to pay more than I did for my iPod, especially since I recently bought Altec Lansing's outstandin inMotion speakers.As for running the cord behing your back, you don't have to! This is not necessary. Yes, you loop the cords behind your ears, which by the way makes them stay in better, but you can still run the cord down the front, even though the instructions show it going down the back. It's actually quite simple to do! I can have mine in place in less than 5 seconds.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': "You Don't Have to Run the Cord Down Your Back",
      'unixReviewTime': 1095552000,
      'reviewTime': '09 19, 2004'},
     {'reviewerID': 'APQY23KSBBCNO',
      'asin': 'B00009R6WO',
      'reviewerName': 'P. VANDALEN',
      'helpful': [4, 5],
      'reviewText': "If you're shooting an APS-C Canon and you've decided that you only want EF full-frame lenses for future use on a full frame camera, the 17-40 is a must-have.  The focal range on the cropped sensor is 27 to 64mm which covers a large range for the majority of shots most people are likely to take.  I've found this lens is perfect for social gatherings and essential for group shots.  The size and weight is perfect on the 7D, making this my favorite lens for handling (compared to the 24-70 f2.8L and the 70-200 f4L).  The build quality is superb.  The focus and zoom rings couldn't be smoother and AF is fast.  While this is a sealed lens, I hear that it's not fully sealed until a filter is fitted.  With one in place, the zoom extension is completely internal, so there's no change in length when zooming from wide to the long end.This lens is a fixed f4.  If you buy the lens with the understanding it is not an f2.8 and will not get you the lower ISO and/or faster shutter speed of an f2.8, the lens does very well in most shooting situations.  On the 7D it's even better with the excellent high-ISO performance of that camera (I can shoot at ISO 3200 to 5000 without much concern).  While it is reasonably sharp at f4 across the focal range, it is not as sharp as when stopped down to f5.6.  Also, boarder sharpness falls-off a bit wide open and close to 40mm.  However, these are not big issues.  Contrast and color with this lens is excellent.  My only caution from experience is to be careful when adjusting the point-of-focus to depth-of-field balance with the micro AF adjust on the camera (if you have that feature).  What may appear to be a correct adjustment with a focus scale sheet that uses the center of the field, may end up causing excessive edge softness of your images due to the edge of the frame starting to fall out of the depth of field.  I believe this may be due to the field curvature characteristic of a wide angle lens where the focal plane is not equidistant from the camera lens but slightly curved.  I spent some time setting the correct AF micro adjustment by photographing a large bulletin board with very small lettering and symbols across both dimensions while making sure the camera was pointed square to the center so that all corners were equal distance from the camera.  Once you have this dialed-in, you can test the center-to-corner sharpness of your lens at different focal lengths and apertures and determine whether you may have any sharpness issues with your copy. Initially I thought I had a bad lens copy that was soft and de-centered, but after getting this procedure right, the lens proved to be sharp.While there are other excellent options such as the Canon 17-55 EF-S f2.8 lens, this one is full-frame compatible, it's weather sealed, it has superior build quality, it's an L lens with that unmistakable red ring at the end, and it's the next greatest lens bargain second to the 70-200 f4L.  While the hood may look odd, remember that it was intended for a full-frame camera where this lens would be a true 17-40mm - making a shallow hood necessary.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Must-Have for APS-C Cameras',
      'unixReviewTime': 1261872000,
      'reviewTime': '12 27, 2009'},
     {'reviewerID': 'AFNF0QHE0G7IF',
      'asin': 'B0000511XL',
      'reviewerName': 'aquielisunari',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'Please watch the most helpful video for a thorough and helpful review. You might have some questions answered such as why does the sound only work on one speaker. It\'s a mono-mic. You need the correct adapter to produce a stereo recording/playback. I don\'t have a great audio system nor am I an audiophile hence the title. The recordings I\'ve use with this microphone are clean without hum, whine or static. One review said "It doesn\'t bend, which was annoying cause it looks like it did. ". I don\'t find the adjustability annoying at all. I like the snap in ball joint that the microphone has. It allows for an insane amount of angles an positions. Set it at your preferred angle and let go. It will hold that angle. The base is very light but I placed it a nearly vertical angle and then at an angle past horizontal and the base stayed where it was. I understand this is a flimsy model and I treat it with care meaning I adjust it with the ball joint and not with the tip of the microphone. It comes in a plastic bag containing 2 pieces. THe microphone with the detachable ball joint attached and the base. I can\'t say anything good about the packaging. Do to the very fragile nature of the item I expected more. This was mailed in a lightweight Bubble Mailer bag from Beach Audio. The microphone is UNI-Directional. This means that you need to speak into the front of the microphone. This helps to block background noise but for basic chatting on the internet or for recording for sites such as Librivox.org this is a perfect microphone. I agree with another review that suggests a windscreen. This would also help with splosivess. EDIT: After I underestimated this microphone I set it at a correct distance and there were zero issues with popping P\'s or other wind related issues. I only use this indoors. I can\'t speak to what the wind would do. If all you do is press record and expect perfect playback without static you will probably be disappointed. My initial recordings were dirty with some static but with a few adjustments including acoustic echo cancellation and noise suppression the recordings were clean. Some microphones are so sensitive mouse clicks come through with annoying clarity. I have an old school Dell ball mouse so the clicks aren\'t quiet by anystretch but the uni-directional nature of the microphone allows me to click without worrying. I can also record with it at a comfortable distance from my mouth which is a bit over 1 foot away. Once again some audio adjustments may be necessary prior to hitting the record button.',
      'overall': 3.0,
      'summary': 'Great microphone with a grain a salt',
      'unixReviewTime': 1389398400,
      'reviewTime': '01 11, 2014'},
     {'reviewerID': 'AWJUS0F6TS5T7',
      'asin': 'B00009R6UU',
      'reviewerName': 'David Kohn "blah blah blah"',
      'helpful': [2, 4],
      'reviewText': 'way too expensive (I got a used one, so the damage was not so bad).  provides little function.  you can do a lot better shading the lens with the back of your hand.',
      'overall': 1.0,
      'summary': "don't bother",
      'unixReviewTime': 1201824000,
      'reviewTime': '02 1, 2008'},
     {'reviewerID': 'AABH31PCKVX2E',
      'asin': 'B00021XIJW',
      'reviewerName': 'Al Sargent',
      'helpful': [0, 1],
      'reviewText': 'It is very hard, if not impossible, to get this to work if you try to secure your WiFi network by turning on encryption, turning off SSID broadcast, etc. Before buying, ask yourself what your security needs are -- if significant, you may want to avoid this.',
      'overall': 1.0,
      'summary': "Doesn't work for secured WiFi networks",
      'unixReviewTime': 1151712000,
      'reviewTime': '07 1, 2006'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A2D4YAAIJI2PEZ',
      'asin': 'B00017LSPI',
      'reviewerName': 'Mr. Stunner "Stunner"',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'Anyone who has a DSLR needs one of these! Works great for blowing dust out of any crivas in your camera. Convenient, powerful and works!',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Awesome!',
      'unixReviewTime': 1365984000,
      'reviewTime': '04 15, 2013'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A1KWGCD5N8J846',
      'asin': 'B00004ZCJE',
      'reviewerName': 'SnowXTC',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'Love the filter and it is just what I needed to protect my lense.  Tiffen makes great filters and this is a great price to pay for the MUST HAVE lense protection.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Just what I needed',
      'unixReviewTime': 1358121600,
      'reviewTime': '01 14, 2013'},
     {'reviewerID': 'AUGXEZF09R8HJ',
      'asin': 'B0000D80D3',
      'reviewerName': 'Julia S. Pearson',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "What a great little purchase for a scuba diving trip.  My husband does underwater photography and videography...but I don't want anything expensive or fancy.  This worked perfect for my needs.  I purchased 2 of them and got about 36 pictures total.  There wasn't any leakage in either camera when diving past the recommended 50 feet mark.  Well worth the buy for VERY amateur photographers.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Waterproof to 75 feet, actually',
      'unixReviewTime': 1361664000,
      'reviewTime': '02 24, 2013'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A3S3MOT7JM82FA',
      'asin': 'B00006B9CR',
      'reviewerName': 'Penn Name',
      'helpful': [1, 1],
      'reviewText': "Like many loyalists of the the discontinued Microsoft Trackball Explorer, I just wanted something that would resemble the MTE. This one does the job, takes a little bit of getting used to, but I'll take it.",
      'overall': 4.0,
      'summary': 'Nice, & if you squint, like a trackball explorer',
      'unixReviewTime': 1305849600,
      'reviewTime': '05 20, 2011'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A32DTJJMJPNO3J',
      'asin': 'B00007056H',
      'reviewerName': 'Lord Dreamweaver',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'I ordered this as part of a Gold Box special.I work in a cubicle farm, where other inconsiderate contractors talk loudly on phones, and have very loud ringtones on their phones.  I needed a cheap pair of head phones, not ear buds, that I can leave on my desk, and not get broken up if they are stolen.The Koss was the perfect solution.It does fit over my ears, and the sound quality is very good.  I love the volume control so that I can easily up it, if a neighbor of mine begins a phone meeting.It is very well made, and the actual ear pieces move independently from the frame, so that they can easily fit my weird crooked ears',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Really Good cheap pair of headphones',
      'unixReviewTime': 1370390400,
      'reviewTime': '06 5, 2013'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A2NVQZ4Y7Y0J1R',
      'asin': 'B0001AU6H6',
      'reviewerName': 'Traveler',
      'helpful': [3, 3],
      'reviewText': "I previously owned the Coolpix 2100 and I upgraded to the 3200 because I wanted a little bit higher resolution and movies with sound.For the most part, I'm satisified with the upgrade.  The images are clear and crisp and movie function is ten times better than the 2100.  The 3200 allows for 640 x 480 movies and the duration is only limited by memory capacity.  With a 512MB card you've got about 15 minutes of recording time.  That might sound small, but it's more than enough to capture important moments.Another improvement over previous models was that Nikon moved most of the controls from the top of the camara to the back.  As a semi-pro 35mm user I balked at this at first.  Then the utility of this change became obvious - it's just plain easier to have most of the controls right there alongside the LCD viewer.I used the 2100 for Internet shots for auctions and for emailing photos to others.  You don't need lots of megapixels for such uses - even the 2100 is overkill.  Still, it's great to have a camera that allows you to go beyond that and actually print your work.Oddly enough, I found the 3200 to be actually slower than the 2100 in terms of writing to media!  I have one of the fastest cards available so the memory card shouldn't be an issue.  I wasn't impressed.  I don't recommend this camera for situations where you want to take multiple shots seconds apart.Another drawback on this model is that the microphone picks up autofocus noise in the movie mode.  It's quite loud, actually.  It's possible to turn off the autofocus which creates a more blurry image.  Still, the quality of the movies is already low enough that this effect seems to be small.  (Like most digital photo models, the 3200 will not give you camcorder results.)Overall, the 3200 is a great bargain.  It's just enough for printing small photos and it delivers a lot of great features at an affordable price.  Just like the 2100 and other similar Coolpix models, it's compact and feels comfortable to hold.  (I've found the similarily sized Canon digital cameras to be awkward at best.)  Still, this is a camera for folks on a budget.  I know that when it comes time to upgrade again I'll be looking at models with faster read and write times and more megapixels.",
      'overall': 4.0,
      'summary': 'A bit slow, but still has excellent features for the price',
      'unixReviewTime': 1117584000,
      'reviewTime': '06 1, 2005'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A3VJNDW8XKMF9C',
      'asin': 'B00009EFR4',
      'reviewerName': 'Elsie "Sports Fan"',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'I have had this now for almost ten years and have never had a problem with it. Using a presenter give you a professional look. I have had many complements on using this device and many inquiries on where I obtained it!',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'A must have',
      'unixReviewTime': 1393372800,
      'reviewTime': '02 26, 2014'},
     {'reviewerID': 'AOKO5CEJ5C0ZA',
      'asin': 'B00020S7XK',
      'reviewerName': 'alienpup',
      'helpful': [1, 1],
      'reviewText': "I'm old enough to remember the first &#34;transistor radios&#34;. The Sony ICF-S10MK2 is certainly more advanced than those first radios. It has to be. Today's airways are far more crowded, while dozens of electronic devices generate noise that just didn't exist in &#34;the old days&#34;.So how well does the Sony do given so many more stations and so much more interference? It does reasonably well. The ICF-S10MK2 is well constructed, inexpensive, and it works pretty well. It is not exceptional in any regard. At around $12 this Sony product is great deal. Just don't expect it to be much more than a &#34;transistor radio&#34;.",
      'overall': 3.0,
      'summary': "It's a radio",
      'unixReviewTime': 1402704000,
      'reviewTime': '06 14, 2014'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A1CF7LHTGISJ2Q',
      'asin': 'B00005LEN4',
      'reviewerName': 'Antonio Rodriguez',
      'helpful': [1, 2],
      'reviewText': "I have aNikon D90 DX 12.3MP Digital SLR Camera with 18-105mm f/3.5-5.6G ED AF-S VR DX Nikkor Zoom Lensfor over a year ago. It comes with a greatNikon 18-105mm f/3.5-5.6 AF-S DX VR ED Nikkor Lens for Nikon Digital SLR Cameraskit lens, but after some time I found myself wanting some more. Read many reviews for all over the net and bought this jewel: Nikkor 50mm f1,8Nikon 50mm f/1.8D AF Nikkor Lens for Nikon Digital SLR Cameras. this is a great normal lens, worth every penny, great value for the price. My only compliant: it doesn't work on my wife'sNikon D5000 12.3 MP DX Digital SLR Camera with 18-55mm f/3.5-5.6G VR Lens and 2.7-inch Vari-angle LCD. I'll buy aNikon 35mm f/1.8G AF-S DX Lens for Nikon Digital SLR Camerasfor her and keep for myself this lens hahaha. You won't touch my lens darling......",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'A must have in your bag.',
      'unixReviewTime': 1277337600,
      'reviewTime': '06 24, 2010'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A12DU3ES489E3E',
      'asin': 'B00021XIJW',
      'reviewerName': 'NatCh',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': '... and this just works.One end of the house is just a bit too far away from the router, unfortunately, that\'s the end my wife\'s \'puter is in.  We were getting "low" to "very low" signal, at ~18Mbps, with the WRE54G installed, it varies from "very good" to "excellent" at ~54Mbps.Set up was a snap, except for one, tiny detail:  I bought one of the refurbished units, and they didn\'t reset the thing when they were done doing whatever they did with it, so at first our router didn\'t "see" the extender.  A quick click of the reset button and it\'s been smooth sailing ever since.  So a note to anyone who buys a refurbished unit, do yourself a favor and hit the reset button *first,* just in case.  ;)',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': "It's so nice when stuff just works ...",
      'unixReviewTime': 1211932800,
      'reviewTime': '05 28, 2008'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A29PJ9NT17GL4P',
      'asin': 'B00006HSML',
      'reviewerName': 'E. A. Johnson',
      'helpful': [5, 5],
      'reviewText': 'I ordered two of these cables and found them to be well-constructed and fully functional, as would be expected for something so simple. However, the plastic housing around the male connector is thicker than on a standard USB extension cable making it very difficult to plug this in right next to another device if you have side-by-side USB ports. In fact, trying to plug both of these extensions into such side-by-side ports starting to put so much side pressure on them that I feared I would damage the ports. Keep that in mind if you are thinking of using this cable.',
      'overall': 2.0,
      'summary': 'Works fine, well constructed, but too thick on the male end',
      'unixReviewTime': 1206662400,
      'reviewTime': '03 28, 2008'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A2TPD6IFVJ8HIG',
      'asin': 'B00005ARK3',
      'reviewerName': 'HedFone',
      'helpful': [2, 2],
      'reviewText': "Probably just from wear & tear, but as I said it worked well three years ago when I first brought it. However I just recently replaced it with the Linksys WRT54GL because this started to drop the connection too often for me to deal with. I would have to unplug the thing 3 or 4 times before I could get internet to the other PC's in my home. G is faster then B these days so the BEFW11S4 isn't needed anymore.",
      'overall': 3.0,
      'summary': 'Good when it worked properly 3 years ago',
      'unixReviewTime': 1143072000,
      'reviewTime': '03 23, 2006'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A3CU9GSWRAOKNQ',
      'asin': 'B00006ELLL',
      'reviewerName': 'I. Das "Das"',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'First, kudos to Amazon\'s super speed. Even with "Super Saver" free shipping, I got the item delivered to my New York apartment in less than 36 hours of ordering, eight days before the estimated arrival (shocking, catches you off guard, doesn\'t it).Unlike those here that the Wi-Fi card didn\'t work for, I had a great experience. I have an HP iPaq 2110, with Windows Pocket PC 2003 SE. The Linksys card worked right out of the box, with the software on the CD that was provided (i.e., I did not even need to go to their website to get the latest installation software). The available Wi-Fi networks were detected seamlessly as soon as the card was plugged in. The connection speed is great, and pages load up surprisingly fast (even heavier ones, like Yahoo mail, have exceeded my expectation). So far there has not been a single glitch. I had tried a Sandisk Wi-Fi card prior to this, with disastrous results (apparently Sandisk is getting out of the Wi-Fi business altogether). I could not get my PDA to recognize the card after it went into standby, and in general, connectivity was very erratic, and I had to send it back. Sandisk had blamed it all on "Windows Pocket PC 2003 Second Edition", which they had not guaranteed compatibility with. Neither had Linksys, but their card had no problem with the operating system. The power on the card turns off as it should whenever the PDA goes into standby, and \'wakes up\' again when the PDA is turned on, all quite naturally. Thanks to Linksys for a product that finally works.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Rocks right out of the box!',
      'unixReviewTime': 1126051200,
      'reviewTime': '09 7, 2005'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A3P54E0Q9DTAAA',
      'asin': 'B00009UHXR',
      'reviewerName': 'J. Jones',
      'helpful': [2, 2],
      'reviewText': 'I am using a leapfrog system to broadcast from my bedroom to the kitchen.  The space between the two rooms consist of two Plaster, not sheetrock, walls and a brick fireplace.  The unit does fine.  The only problem is that our 2.4 Ghz phone freaks out the reciever.  The distance between these two rooms is about 48 feet.  Anyone in previous reviews that had trouble with the leapfrog might of had a defective unit, because ours works great.  It saved me from buying another Direct TV reciever and then paying $6.95 extra a month.  Over time it will be cheaper to use the Leapfrog.  I bought ours at Circuit City for $99.  Ebay has them for less, but I don\'t trust buying electronics from an online flea market.  The set up was too easy.  I suggest placing the transmitter and reciever in protected areas.  The antennea\'s seem to be very fragile, so be cautious in the units placement.  Antother cool feature is that your remote control will drive the A/V source!  You don\'t have to run to another room to change the station.  Above all this is a well thought out concept and product.*******UPDATE 4-3-06*******I have had some trouble since my original posting.  The unit seems to overheat.  We have had a couple times that it would not work.  I unplugged it, and after it sat for about an hour it reset (?) and started to work again.  The only other thing could be that our cordless phone  runs in on it and confuses it into "Listening" to the wrong source.  OK, I have no idea why it does it, but it is really a pain.  If I figure out why it keeps doing this, I\'ll post an update to tell what fixed the problem..  It is a rather simple device, but now I\'m not so sure of its quality.******UPDATE 6-27-06*******This thing has a major reliability issue.  Works fine for a few days, and then stops. I Unplug it for a few hours and it works again.  I cannot get an information about how to fix the problem.  Audiovox ie Spark-o-matic is the parent company of Terk.  Now it makes  sense.  Audiovox aka Spark-o-matic makes crap.  Do not buy this.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Easy',
      'unixReviewTime': 1140566400,
      'reviewTime': '02 22, 2006'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A3Q7I1U59BER9E',
      'asin': 'B00004X10B',
      'reviewerName': 'Rory Duncan',
      'helpful': [7, 9],
      'reviewText': 'My current equipment consists of a rebel XT, 75-300 4-5.6, a 50 1.8, a 17-85 4-5.6 IS, a 580EXII flash (truly excellent), mini tripod, spare batteries and charger, Cleaning Kit (The big one with the little spatula for cleaning the sensor), Lens hoods for the two big lenses, misc filters, and a full size cheap-o tripod. I took this bag out for the first time on our Disney Cruise and found myself with room to spare for everything I may ever need. The problem with this is before, when using a random old camera bag I had for my cheap-o video camera,  all I could take was the body, and lenses. Now I can fit all this other stuff, and it is just too big to take with you for a day at Disney. I find myself wanting a smaller bag for daily carrying around, and using this bag for major traveling. It is comfortable, but heavy due mostly to accumulation of items.. (OOH Look! I can fit this thingy over here!. I might need a Russian nuclear submarine today, Ill stash it here!) Its fastening system is good, though I find myself using the plastic buckles more than the zipper, and the tripod carrying loop, uh.. carries a tripod. Only complaint is that my cheapo tripod sticks out past the edges of the bag, so I find myself banging it into walls and hallways sometimes.Pros:BigConfigurableSturdyComfortableCons:BigIrresistible urge to fill it with more items... (L Lenses...)',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Almost too big. Almost.',
      'unixReviewTime': 1193702400,
      'reviewTime': '10 30, 2007'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A2089FS2PJ9OZB',
      'asin': 'B00000JDF6',
      'reviewerName': 'Paul St. Louis',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "It's very blue and does not snag even if you try.  I really like how blue it is and it also works well.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': "It's blue",
      'unixReviewTime': 1395446400,
      'reviewTime': '03 22, 2014'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A3DCNC90MS4HVE',
      'asin': 'B000092YQW',
      'reviewerName': 'cxlxmx',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'These have worked great for my dad, and the only problem is the occasional need to unplug the hole that gets filled with ear wax.  No big deal.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Sony MDR-EX71SL',
      'unixReviewTime': 1175472000,
      'reviewTime': '04 2, 2007'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A3IPSECQAUAT8V',
      'asin': 'B0000A1G05',
      'reviewerName': 'JanSobieski',
      'helpful': [834, 842],
      'reviewText': "I have never bought a non-Canon lens because I just love the look, feel, and optical quality of the Canon line particularly the L series lenses.  But I kept reading glowing reviews about this lens.  On multiple websites.  So, I went out and took a look.First impression:  the build quality is not as good as a Canon L series lens.  Duh!  It costs about 1/4 as much for goodness sake.  This is a plastic lens - not metal.  But I must admit that the build quality was pretty darn good.  Better, I think, than the Sigma lenses I've seen.  Fit and finish was very nice and tight.  I'd give the build quality a 4/5.  Not bad.  I figured I could live with it.Next, I put the lens on my camera.  I'd read reviews complaining about the speed of the focusing.  It may not be quite as quick as my 200 f2.8 L series lens but it was pretty darn good and for my purposes, plenty fast.  A 4.5/5I'd read reviews complaining about the noise and the fact that the AF was not USM.  I thought the AF worked very quietly.  Not at all distracting and barely discernable.  Noise - not an issue.Then, I took pictures with the lens and I was absolutely floored!  How in the world did Tamron manage to produce a lens that performed so well optically for such a reasonable price?!  Beautiful contrast, excellent resolution, gorgeous colors, and extremely sharp, particularly above f2.8.  But, f2.8 is very good as well.Obviously the first comparison that comes to mind is between this lens and the Canon 24-70 f2.8 L.  I would say, I kid you not, that this lens is in every respect optically the equal of the Canon or better than the Canon.  I could not believe it.I tested this lens directly against a brand new copy of the Canon 24-70 f2.8L.  Method: I tested both lenses on a tripod @ F 2.8 and 8.0 @ 28mm 50mm and 70mm. Target limestone wall 9.5 feet parallel to the sensor plane. Remote release employed. No mirror lockup. Center and all four corners were evaluated to my naked eye on a monitor using 100% crops. Both lenses were new copies received within the last 7 days.The limestone wall lent itself perfectly to evaluating sharpness and subtle contrast and color rendition. There was enormous detail present in the wall with subtle colorations present.Findings:28MM F8: Tamron definitely sharper in the center and corners28MM F2.8: Tamron definitely sharper in the center and corners50MM F8: Tamron slightly sharper in the center and very slightly sharper in corners50MM F2.8: Tamron slightly sharper in center and equal in corners.70MM F2.8: Canon sharper in center and at corners. Incidentally noted was inability of Tamron to focus as sharply as I was able to achieve with manual focusing.70MM F8: Tamron sharper in center with Canon slightly sharper in corners.Some have said that there is less flare with the Canon, but if you use the lens hood that should not be a problem.  I didn't notice excessive flare in my copy.Admittedly there is significant copy to copy variation in both the Canon and the Tamron, but my findings convinced me that at 1/4 the price, and with the Tamron weighing 1 pound less than the Canon that the Tamron was the lens for me.  Optically 5/5!!I cannot recommend this lens highly enough.  It is the first non-Canon lens I have owned and I am thrilled.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Outstanding lens!',
      'unixReviewTime': 1099353600,
      'reviewTime': '11 2, 2004'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A2L4088O067LKE',
      'asin': 'B000067RBT',
      'reviewerName': 'Daniel T.',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'Good for transferring sound from your tv to surround sound it works very well I like it very much it works',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Good',
      'unixReviewTime': 1390867200,
      'reviewTime': '01 28, 2014'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A11VB2SHSYHUWC',
      'asin': 'B0000B006W',
      'reviewerName': 'Chas',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'Upgraded my moms old computer. It really gave it a boost.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Nice boost!',
      'unixReviewTime': 1404950400,
      'reviewTime': '07 10, 2014'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A3T2URSMLAMFEH',
      'asin': 'B0001VWHH2',
      'reviewerName': 'Roby',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "When you buy a cable, you want to know if it works or if it doesn't work.It works.Boom. Review over!",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Works fine',
      'unixReviewTime': 1358985600,
      'reviewTime': '01 24, 2013'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A20PKVGT73WY3W',
      'asin': 'B00008W81P',
      'reviewerName': 'E. Lauritsen "melvin"',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'i used this on my fossil wrist PDA, it worked fine. it also worked fine with my iPaq 1945 PPC.i remember one reveiwer not liking it because of lack of support for PDAs with the IR on the side.  if he had been more attentive he would have noticed that the "mirror" swivels side to side so that any PDA will work, except only for the new iPaq with the IR on the bottom, but even them, the diagnal beam on the keyboard will work fine even without use of the mirrorall in all, this keyboard is super cool, i gave it 4 stars \'cause some of the keys are a little too soft and are pressed accidentelly, but that is being resolved becuse the seller is shipping me a new one free of charge',
      'overall': 4.0,
      'summary': 'worked with my devices fine',
      'unixReviewTime': 1133136000,
      'reviewTime': '11 28, 2005'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A2NLY5FQRFF4UZ',
      'asin': 'B00006B81E',
      'reviewerName': 'R. A. Minuti',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'The order process and shopping were excellent.  The product seems to work as advertized, but I am not sure we have had a power surge as yet.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Great little surge protector',
      'unixReviewTime': 1327017600,
      'reviewTime': '01 20, 2012'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A1YIRM3BOC9M7A',
      'asin': 'B00004ZCDD',
      'reviewerName': 'C. A. Schaller "Crafty CAS"',
      'helpful': [1, 1],
      'reviewText': 'I bought this primarily to protect my zoom lens for my Canon Xti SLR. It threads on easily and offers fine protection. As far as being a Haze filter, I feel that my pictures often have too much of a "blue" cast to them and I have to color correct in post production. You get what you pay for, so as a lens protector, this does the job.',
      'overall': 3.0,
      'summary': "it's ok...",
      'unixReviewTime': 1289606400,
      'reviewTime': '11 13, 2010'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A2MTZI4FPTS9LQ',
      'asin': 'B00005ATMI',
      'reviewerName': 'Gary R. Clark',
      'helpful': [2, 3],
      'reviewText': "Case Logic has, I'm afraid, lost its way depending on its prior reputation and not producing good products anymore.  I wasted my money buying two of these cases.  I don't trust any of Amazon's posted measurements after buying dozens and dozens of products so I don't even look anymore.  I purchased this 72 CD case because I wanted smaller more convenient cases rather than buying bulky larger 200+ CD cases.  Well they evidently must use the same bulky case for all of their CD cases regardless of the number of sleeve inserts.  This has a 2.5 inch wide backbone for the less than 1/2 thick CD sleeves.  The other 2 inches is just air.  What a waste!  The CD sleeves are standard and apparently just glued onto the inside backbone not bound in any way.  The cheap thin vinyl covering and light zipper material just added to a completely disappointing product.  No more Case Logic for me.",
      'overall': 2.0,
      'summary': 'Save Your Money',
      'unixReviewTime': 1315353600,
      'reviewTime': '09 7, 2011'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A15TOSPFI8Q4G6',
      'asin': 'B0000665V4',
      'reviewerName': 'DEEZEE',
      'helpful': [1, 1],
      'reviewText': "This does what it is supposed to do. I don't notice any reduction in the quality of the image when using the prism. What more can you ask for.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Right Side Up',
      'unixReviewTime': 1387584000,
      'reviewTime': '12 21, 2013'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A5JLAU2ARJ0BO',
      'asin': 'B0000A2QAD',
      'reviewerName': 'Gadgester "No Time, No Money"',
      'helpful': [29, 30],
      'reviewText': 'This Sandisk SDXD-512 xD card is a "standard" xD card.  The xD "Picture Card" flash card comes in three flavors: standard (up to 512MB), Type M (512MB, 1GB, 2GB), and Type H (512MB or 1GB).  The "H" stands for "high speed" and is the latest format allowing in theory for reads and writes up to 3 times as fast as Type M cards.  Interestingly, Type M xD cards are 20% slower than "standard" 256MB or 512MB xD cards.  For capacity 512MB or above, you won\'t find any more standard xD\'s; you\'ll find only M or H ones.To see if your Fujifilm or Olympus camera is compatible with an M or H card, go to their websites and check out the compatibility charts.  (Amazon doesn\'t allow links so I can\'t include them here but you can e-mail me if you can\'t find the compatibility charts.)Sandisk xD cards are, in general, reliable, as long as you stay with 512MB or lower.  Another caveat is when you buy a Sandisk (or Fujifilm or Olympus) xD in store, be sure to get a package that\'s marked "Made in Japan."  Only two companies actually manufacture the xD cards: Toshiba of Japan and Samsung of South Korea.  Samsung cards, in my experience, have serious quality problems and *WILL* fail sooner rather than later.  Toshiba ones are much more reliable; none of my Toshiba-made cards have failed even under heavy usage.  Therefore, you should never trust xD cards that are marked "Made in S. Korea."  Be sure to shop around until you find Toshiba ("made in Japan") cards.  This tip will save you lots of precious memories and from lots of headaches later on.  Unfortuantely, this verification is hard to do when you shop on Amazon or online; I can only say "good luck"!  At least you have 30 days to return or exchange when you buy from Amazon.',
      'overall': 4.0,
      'summary': 'Difference among xD formats',
      'unixReviewTime': 1160956800,
      'reviewTime': '10 16, 2006'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A2VHWS5HXSI8TQ',
      'asin': 'B00005UOSN',
      'reviewerName': '"tbaker129"',
      'helpful': [9, 9],
      'reviewText': 'I have been using this mouse for over a year now,  I have had a great experience with it, and am loving its mobility for the entire time.  I am really rough with it too, I have a laptop backpack that I keep it in the front pocket of, and when you put it down, it lands right on the mouse.  I have only two things I would change about it,(one of them is my fault)  First is the battery door, I dropped the mouse and the battery door broke so I have to use it without one, (no problem but one of the batteries falls out occationally, no biggie) and the second one is that the receiver is not small like all of the mice you find for laptops now only having a small USB \'nub\'  this one has a 36" cord with a receiver just smaller than the mouse, not a huge deal to some one using it with a desktop computer, but someone who intends to use it with a laptop, be prepared.I also read in someone\'s review that the battery life was short, FALSE I have only changed the batteries in it twice in the last year I have been using it. the last tiime was abobut a week ago.  It tells you when the batteies are getting low, and you have about 15 hours more  use before they will actually die.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Great Product.  over a year old now.',
      'unixReviewTime': 1056499200,
      'reviewTime': '06 25, 2003'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A1UEW6E8MAN95V',
      'asin': 'B00000J1V5',
      'reviewerName': 'Havokndc',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "Great cord.  Does what it's advertised to do.  Can't beat the price and loved the color options, specifically the purple.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Excellent',
      'unixReviewTime': 1359072000,
      'reviewTime': '01 25, 2013'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A3JMDRBJVVQ6C6',
      'asin': 'B00009UTLM',
      'reviewerName': 'Jack',
      'helpful': [3, 3],
      'reviewText': 'Works great to get your flash off the hotshoe of the camera.  Was lighter than I expected, yet feels solid and well made.  The foam is comfortable and yet feels firm and well made.  Glad I purchased this.  Using a Manfrotto quick release to be able to move from bracket to tripod with a minimal amount of grief.  Works great.  Yay Amazon, best price and even with two day shipping twenty bucks cheaper than local.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Stroboframe bracket',
      'unixReviewTime': 1304121600,
      'reviewTime': '04 30, 2011'},
     {'reviewerID': 'ABLOQZIL42W7I',
      'asin': 'B0000UMLYI',
      'reviewerName': 'kone "kone"',
      'helpful': [64, 90],
      'reviewText': "This scope has too many deficiencies to even mention in detail:  it is too small a light gathering instrument, and has an inexpensive (poor) mount that vibrates excessively when touched.  Consider instead something that has more light gathering power (a larger diameter lens), and a scope that comes with a sturdy adjustable mount.  This scope will perhaps show the brighter objects to advantage, such as the moon, but dimmer objects need more light, and this scope is just too small.  The mount needs to be sturdy and adjustable (look for an equatorial mount with touch-turn controls).  If the mount is shaky and vibrates excessively when touched, it spoils your view of the object.This scope and mount, less than 50 dollars, cannot be considered anything more than a toy.  If you really want to get a starter scope, don't look here.  Consider a greater investment in a more quality instrument.  Even if the budding astronomer loses interest, the scope, if it is of quality design, will have a greater resale value, or will make a nice gift to someone else.Having witnessed this scope in action, my advice is to avoid it, unless you are just buying an expensive toy.  It is not a serious entry-level instrument.konedog",
      'overall': 1.0,
      'summary': 'Think Again - Pass on this Scope - Nothing Much More Than a Toy',
      'unixReviewTime': 1124323200,
      'reviewTime': '08 18, 2005'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A3EXWV8FNSSFL6',
      'asin': 'B00006B7DA',
      'reviewerName': 'Daniel G. Lebryk',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "7 port powered USB hub in a solid rectangular package, it doesn't get more utilitarian. This is probably one of the nicest simple USB hubs I have ever seen. If you don't need a powered hub, this is small enough to toss in the laptop bag and take with you. The wall wart is reasonably small, so if you need a powered hub, it's not hard to carry.This is a USB 1 or 2 hub - it is NOT a USB 3 hub.There's something unique about 7 ports. That is a really nice number for this package. There are more stylish, smaller hubs. I've never seen one that is just this rugged and simple. The price just can't be beat.It works exactly as described, the USB wire is about three feet long, so you can get some decent distance from your computer. Plug it in any USB port and voila, seven additional USB ports. No drivers are installed.It has a very nice weight to it. The base has four little rubber feet to help keep it from skidding around. This could be easily velcroed to the top of a computer case.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Solid, Rock Solid, Great Size',
      'unixReviewTime': 1279756800,
      'reviewTime': '07 22, 2010'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A4H4KYSM2KQ85',
      'asin': 'B00005T39Y',
      'reviewerName': 'Erika Mitchell',
      'helpful': [5, 6],
      'reviewText': "This is a great way to listen to your iPod (or even Walkman) in your car.  Just stick the adaptor in your tape deck, and plug the cord into your music device.  The sound quality is great, and you don't have to fiddle with changing stations like you do with the FM adaptors.  We have used this device for 6 months with no problems.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Works well',
      'unixReviewTime': 1179878400,
      'reviewTime': '05 23, 2007'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A1FQKPQCW96MF8',
      'asin': 'B00005OTG6',
      'reviewerName': 'LEE',
      'helpful': [1, 1],
      'reviewText': 'Don\'t let the cheap price fool you!  You can pay much, much more for other headphones, but they won\'t be better than the Philips HS-500 headphones.I\'ve had my Philips HS-500 headphones for more than four years.  This year when I finally went from a portable CD player to an iPod, I ditched my Philips HS-500 for a Sony MDR-FX 81 earbud headphones.  After about a month, I switched back to my Philips HS-500 since I missed its lightweight comfort and sound quality.  Amazingly, the Philips HS-500\'s sound quality was far superior to Sony\'s.  In fact, I had to crank the sound level higher while using the in-ear Sony headphone compared to when I used the Philips HS-500.The Philips HS-500 is perfect for running.  It stays in place.  Since it\'s a behind the neck, I can wear a baseball cap when using it.Since the Philips HS-500 has been around  for awhile, it appers Philips/Magnavox has changed its design.  The positive reviews on Amazon on the Philips HS-500 are based upon  the "old" design.  You can still find the "old" designs, but it looks like retailers are trying to blow them out (i.e, discount them) in order to replace them with the newer one.  For this reason, I just bought an "old" design one as a reserve in case my current one wears out or breaks.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Cheap in price, but OUTSTANDING in audio quality and function!',
      'unixReviewTime': 1140912000,
      'reviewTime': '02 26, 2006'},
     {'reviewerID': 'AELV7TQI2Z6J',
      'asin': 'B0001WV08S',
      'reviewerName': 'Andrew R. Robinson',
      'helpful': [4, 4],
      'reviewText': 'I am a xubuntu linux user and got this working fine. Do not use the belkin linux drivers or software though, they are worthless. Instead use nut 2.2 or newer (for ubuntu, get it from the hardy release) with the megatec_usb driver. Works great and there is plenty of documentation for it.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Works with linux just fine with some tweaking',
      'unixReviewTime': 1195689600,
      'reviewTime': '11 22, 2007'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A3R5VT4UW4ZVSE',
      'asin': 'B00006HYP6',
      'reviewerName': 'Tom Dolan "1luckycat"',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "The dreaded nemesis of keyboards, coffee, assassinated my iMac aluminum keyboard. Took 2+ years but finally succeeded. But I never did like the action of that keyboard, returned the 1st one thinking it was defective. The replacement had the same defect..maybe it's me. Anyway, I needed something. Shopped locally and found nothing. Then I discovered this keyboard on amazon and I'll address the issues people had with this keyboard as best as I can remember them.1)  The color & design is, pick a superlative: ok, fine, nice, great, wonderful. I really like it.2)  Key action. Well in all the writing I've done in the last few days, NOT once, read that not one time, has the Space bar not Spaced. A chronic problem for me with the Apple board. Other Keys simply work just fine, and I like the textured or non-glossy finish of the Keys.3)  I looked at the included CD and decided not to use it, as it seemed too dated. Checked google, went to Macally and discovered a current downloadable driver for the intel iMac. Bit the bullet, downloaded, installed. We all survived, the lights on the keyboard work and so too the USB ports. I've already downloaded pics to iPhoto thru the Keyboard. The Num Lock doesn't work and I use an external sound card so I don't xpect the volume keys to work.4)  I use an audio editing software and have certain dedicated Keys to facilitate my workflow. No settings changed when I switched Keyboards. So,I like it! It works for me, and I highly recommend it. Don't know why some have had conflicts but none here. Got a Mac? I suggest you consider this keyboard. And of course, amazon is absolutely reliable and ez to do biz with.June 13, 2012 an update: No problems at all with this keyboard. Since my relocation to Japan, my wireless mouse had a coronary and I went back to my original wired Apple mouse, the mighty-mouse or whatever it's called, and it's plugged into this keyboard and works fine. Good keyboard 4 me.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Good4Mac',
      'unixReviewTime': 1300492800,
      'reviewTime': '03 19, 2011'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A8EDTKSPOMRWK',
      'asin': 'B00005MNSS',
      'reviewerName': 'hyperbolium',
      'helpful': [31, 33],
      'reviewText': "Given the price, I really wanted to like this monitor.  Unfortunately, I found the text to contain shadows, and working with this display gave me headaches after only a short period.  Images looked fine, but text, no matter how big or small, contained shadows and seemed slightly out of focus.I tested this monitor on three separate machines, a Macintosh G3, an IBM T22 laptop, and a custom built Pentium III box.  All support the monitor's native resolution. On all three, the text was shadowy and difficult to scan.  No amount of adjusting the display or the display cards (e.g., scan rate) solved the problem.  Reading pages of black text on white backgrounds was difficult and made my eyes hurt.A few general comments: the cord between the power brick and the display is too short to reach the floor. As a result, the power brick must sit on the desktop, taking up some of the very space that the LCD monitor is supposed to free. The lack of a digital input may be an issue for some, but shouldn't be a problem for users who simply want to stroll the Internet and browse documents.  The lack of a second input is only an issue for those who need to easily switch the monitor between multiple machines.The top-mounted control buttons aren't nearly the problem some reviews suggest -- they're very easy to memorize, and since you only use them occasionally, it's nice to have them outside your regular visual range.  Like many/most LCDs, this one is noticably brighter at the bottom than at the top.  Some Macs (such as the beige G3 minitower, for example), will require an adapter to plug this into your display port.  It's not included or sold by Envision, though their tech support answered my email quickly with a concise and accurate answer.Given the positive reports from others, I'm more than willing to believe that either my machines had mediocre display card technology (though I find it especially difficult to believe for the T22, given the high quality of its own LCD display), or I simply received a bad sample of the Envision monitor.  Either way, I'd suggest buying this from a merchant (such as Amazon.com) with a liberal return policy.",
      'overall': 3.0,
      'summary': 'Great price, shadowy performance',
      'unixReviewTime': 1010275200,
      'reviewTime': '01 6, 2002'},
     {'reviewerID': 'AN7ZQFM72LXZ0',
      'asin': 'B0001DBEM4',
      'reviewerName': 'E. Richards "GenEric"',
      'helpful': [4, 6],
      'reviewText': "For the price, you can't go wrong.  These speakers are a great value in the moderately priced speaker range.  I bought these for a gf and was impressed by the sound quality vs price.  I, myself, have Boston Acoustics so there is no comparison being that they cost me well over 2 bills.  But, these Harmon's for $109 you can't go wrong.  The look is unique, the build quality is very impressive and most importantly, the sound from such a relatively cheap speaker system is amazing.  Pick up a set and you will not be disappointed.",
      'overall': 4.0,
      'summary': 'Best bang for the buck...',
      'unixReviewTime': 1171584000,
      'reviewTime': '02 16, 2007'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A2WY7M2G4FUK9Y',
      'asin': 'B00000JI48',
      'reviewerName': 'Gary L. Cleveland',
      'helpful': [1, 1],
      'reviewText': "I am amazed with this tripod , it's light and east to set up . the bag is nice too. I can't believe it's so good for such a low price !!",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'amazed',
      'unixReviewTime': 1168473600,
      'reviewTime': '01 11, 2007'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A1YW5ZQBEIFN5Q',
      'asin': 'B00005ARK3',
      'reviewerName': 'Tico J. Punk',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "This item was a big headache.  I had big hopes for this Linksys item, but it let me down big time.  It frequently terminated the internet connection.  It seemd to be periodically automatically releasing and renewing the IP settings.  Couldn't stay connected to AOL thru TCP/IP for more than a few minutes at a time without getting booted off.  At least three times a day, the internet connection would be completely dead, and the router and cable modem would have to be powered down and powered back up to re-establish the internet connection.  After reading many message boards, and seeing lots of people had the same problem with Linksys routers (not just this model), I sent this back.I got a Belkin F5D6231-4 wireless router as a replacement for about 90 bucks.  It's been working great with none of the problems I experienced with the Linksys router.My advice is to go with the Belkin router, or try one of the Netgear models.",
      'overall': 1.0,
      'summary': 'Frequent disconnects from internet and cable modem',
      'unixReviewTime': 1054944000,
      'reviewTime': '06 7, 2003'},
     {'reviewerID': 'AQLAKMNTGH1SZ',
      'asin': 'B00005OTG6',
      'reviewerName': 'R. Zimmerman "Imvain"',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'Great headphones and are more comfortable then the annoying earbuds. However, the cord was a little short so I had to use an extension cable.',
      'overall': 3.0,
      'summary': 'great',
      'unixReviewTime': 1388275200,
      'reviewTime': '12 29, 2013'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A2J54650LNKWW',
      'asin': 'B000050AQ7',
      'reviewerName': 'Mr. Dip',
      'helpful': [2, 2],
      'reviewText': "I like keeping all my stuff in one place, but don't like CD folders, so these slim cases are great.  I accidentaly sat on one of them and although it did crack, the case didn't break, and the cd was fine.  All in all, a great product.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Great space saver!',
      'unixReviewTime': 1118275200,
      'reviewTime': '06 9, 2005'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A3K5PMEB00CXD',
      'asin': 'B00009R89L',
      'reviewerName': 'D. Lam',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "Did lots of research and read reviews on this one.  Yes you have to apply wax on it, but I rather do that than to risk getting my camera wet.  I lived in Hawaii at the time, where it always sprinkles a little bit every day.  This bag fits my micro4/3 with my pancake lens in one compartment, my long lens in another, and back up battery, mini tripod, and lens cleaner in the third divider.  Looks and is rugged.  I'm happy with my choice.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Nice bag',
      'unixReviewTime': 1378857600,
      'reviewTime': '09 11, 2013'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A37ZBT4TNPHLA0',
      'asin': 'B00009USW3',
      'reviewerName': 'Mario S. Jimenez Jr.',
      'helpful': [84, 93],
      'reviewText': "I got this lens as a way to capture birds in flight and as a sports lens. Don't let the f/5.6 discourage you from buying this beauty, because in my experiences, it's one fast lens. The sharpness is absolutely stunning, with razor sharp edges!! The color and contrast are also remarkable!!If you like photographing nature and sports, than this is the lens for you. Take my word for it, you won't regret it!!!(...)",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Get closer to the action GUARANTEED!!',
      'unixReviewTime': 1109808000,
      'reviewTime': '03 3, 2005'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A32EF8CKB8RSRT',
      'asin': 'B00007M1TZ',
      'reviewerName': 'LonelyTouristCharlotteCharles',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "Based on Amazon reviewers' ratings, I purchased this for my Panasonic kX-TGA931T phones that I've had for about 5 years.  The headset works great!  It looks and feels frail/flinsy, but it performs like a champ.  No issues years later.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Cheap, but works great!',
      'unixReviewTime': 1369958400,
      'reviewTime': '05 31, 2013'},
     {'reviewerID': 'AEYU0RAA023N',
      'asin': 'B000067RC4',
      'reviewerName': 'Vishnu',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'This splitter serves a small but very useful  purpose for the lowest price.Have not seen a case of lowered quality while using this product.It is very handy for using while travelling with my media devices, and I do not have to share one end of my ear phones with anyone anymore :)',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Good product',
      'unixReviewTime': 1374710400,
      'reviewTime': '07 25, 2013'},
     {'reviewerID': 'AA8KW8GW3718K',
      'asin': 'B00007E7JU',
      'reviewerName': 'Daryl C.',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'The shots im getting off this lens are amazing. You do need to get used to it but you know what its part of the photographing fun experience.',
      'overall': 4.0,
      'summary': 'This lens right here is something',
      'unixReviewTime': 1375747200,
      'reviewTime': '08 6, 2013'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A335EMNEE6IGUE',
      'asin': 'B000165O18',
      'reviewerName': 'Cameron B.',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'I purchased this for a small spotting scope that I use on a target range.  It has enough adjustment to permit spotting without changing shooting position, and is quite stable.  The very small size means it is always with me when I need it.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Amazingly stable',
      'unixReviewTime': 1369872000,
      'reviewTime': '05 30, 2013'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A1N8749PQEBL03',
      'asin': 'B0000A0AEM',
      'reviewerName': 'Stacey "swade"',
      'helpful': [1, 1],
      'reviewText': "I needed these to be able to see the finches at the feeder in our backyard.  I need glasses for distance detail but I rarely wear them and they are usually in my car for night driving.  I bought these to keep in my kitchen and I can see the birds at the feeder well with them.  My feeder is about 70' away.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Good little binoculars',
      'unixReviewTime': 1367020800,
      'reviewTime': '04 27, 2013'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A3NYNI9Y5GZZ6F',
      'asin': 'B00009UHFI',
      'reviewerName': 'Amy L. Mireles',
      'helpful': [1, 1],
      'reviewText': "I've read the other reviews, and I'm not sure if the company has changed the design because mine only came in one part, plus the screws. This DVD tower helps keep my room clean, no more DVDs/Games on the floor, dresser, or on the bed. I can keep track where all my games are at. Worth the price! Must get this item!",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Does the job.',
      'unixReviewTime': 1329350400,
      'reviewTime': '02 16, 2012'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A3CS0SMJM3QDWW',
      'asin': 'B000065UDU',
      'reviewerName': 'Robert Garber',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'I beleive for most people this remote will do what they want it to without being overly complex.  I got the remote out of thebox and within one hour I had it programmed and ready to go.  It does all the functions I need for all my componets (inlcuding all the advanced features on my Tivo and Reciever).I was also impressed with the build.  Other remotes with similiar features (yet are cheaper) feel cheaper.  This one, although not heavy, has a solid feel to it.  I also prefer the hard buttons to LCD buttons.  I find the LCD buttons not as accurate (I noticed this most when flipping channels).My wife likes it to and to be honest she is the deciding factor.  she wanted a remote that simplified my ausio/video system.  She likes the Macros plus the favorite channel screens (no more turn TV on, turn satelite on then turn amp on and put remote in satelite mode).My only negative would be it only controls 10 componets.  Not a problem for me but with larger systems this could be a problem.  I also wish you could delete or add pages as needed.  I know more advanced remotes can do that but they also cost much more...',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Simple, yet does it all...',
      'unixReviewTime': 1066694400,
      'reviewTime': '10 21, 2003'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A3VGZ43P3NRI7G',
      'asin': 'B000065CE2',
      'reviewerName': 'J. Chang',
      'helpful': [11, 15],
      'reviewText': "I hate being told what I can and can't do with products I buy.  If I want to buy expensive electronics for use as a doorstop, then that's my choice.  But Sony, in their zeal to be all things to no people, has created this travesty of a product.  Despite what the package lingo says, you CANNOT play MP3 or WAV files.  They get converted to Sony's proprietary (and much clunkier) format.  Furthermore, the OpenMG software provided by Sony for this purpuse [STINKS].  It is the ONLY piece of software that has EVERY caused a blue screen of death on my Windows XP laptop and it's a VAIO!  If Sony can't get their software to play nice on their own products, how do you expect it to work with anything else?  The interface is clunky to say the least, the conversion is slow, the instructions pitiful, and the feedback from both the unit and the software is so awful that you have to wonder if a first grade student who spoke no English wrote the interface.  It's almost impossible for me to say anything positive about this product because it was so bad.  It took me over an hour to install the software and another 2 hours removing it and cleaning up after it.  It leaves stuff littered all over your hard drive.  Not to mention that now that I've uninstalled it, my Quicktime won't work anymore.  DON'T BUY ANY SONY PORTABLE PRODUCTS unless it's a tape player or a CD player and I'll bet you that with their CD players they're going to start putting in stuff to protect their precious record catalog.  Imagine not being able to play CD-R's.  Impossible you say?  Just watch.  I'll bet you it's coming, and I'll bet you Sony starts it.",
      'overall': 1.0,
      'summary': "I can't rate this low enough",
      'unixReviewTime': 1020297600,
      'reviewTime': '05 2, 2002'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A1RVSPTDB45J2M',
      'asin': 'B0001M3982',
      'reviewerName': 'Nick "ndoble"',
      'helpful': [6, 8],
      'reviewText': "A quarter of a century ago I bought a pair of Nikon Action binoculars that produced a simply stunning image - bright, contrasty, sharp.  I was hoping for the same from a new pair of RC-1s, but that was not to be the case - I would describe the image as adequate, but not stunning.  The great advantage of these is that they are small and light.  But if you want the kind of image a full sized pair of field binoculars can produce, you'll have to put up with their weight and size, because these don't do it.  Why Consumer Reports has been so enthusiastic about them is a mystery to me, but they tested a whole bunch of them - maybe this is the best of the lot.",
      'overall': 3.0,
      'summary': 'good for the size',
      'unixReviewTime': 1223078400,
      'reviewTime': '10 4, 2008'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A342QC1XUT1Z5S',
      'asin': 'B000062VUO',
      'reviewerName': 'Ryan B "Byrd"',
      'helpful': [2, 2],
      'reviewText': "I've had these speakers for over a year now.  I absolutely love them.  For the price they can't be beat and the sound they give off is amazing.I'm a huge fan of heavy metal, dubstep, ambient music, and even some classical.  All music sounds incredible.  Before I had theKlipsch ProMedia 2.1 THX Certified Computer Speaker System (Black)I had a 3 piece Altec Lansing set that is no longer in production. While I loved those computer speakers and thought there couldn't be much better I read nearly all the reviews for these speakers and was proved wrong.These speakers offer great sound for ALL types of music, movies, and games.  Great highs, mids, and lows.I live with 2 roommates who purchased theLogitech Speaker System Z623.  After listening to that sound system for several months I must say they are very comparable.  I think the Klispch has better satellites, they offer extremely crisp and full sound.  The bass of the Klispch is also very nice, it's tight, it's loud, and it sounds amazing, but the Logitechs win in terms of bass.  We have the Logitech Z623 in our main living area and the bass that floods that room is incredible.  It's so loud I have to turn the bass to half volume and only rarely hear distortion when it's on full volume.I've noticed the Klispch Pro Media's have gone up in price.  If you want amazing computer speakers at a competitive price then these are the ones for you.  But if you're looking for ear popping bass (not body rumbling sadly) and great satellites at a lower price speakers than Klispch, the Logitech Z623s are for you.If you'd like to hear more about the comparison between the two or have a question about which to purchase for your situation leave a comment and I'll be glad to answer.Note:  The sub did stop working when I was playing extremely loud and bass heavy music.  I unplugged it for about 12 hours and let it cool down since the back of the sub was nearly burning my hand off.  It worked the next day and sounded fine, I'm assuming I just blew a fuse... Thank God not the sub, because then I would just need to get another set.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'My Perfect Computer Speakers',
      'unixReviewTime': 1358985600,
      'reviewTime': '01 24, 2013'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A2JRDFIGWTX50J',
      'asin': 'B00009KAPW',
      'reviewerName': 'Ganesh Kumar Eswaran "Ganesh Kumar Eswaran"',
      'helpful': [1, 4],
      'reviewText': 'The Nano is much smaller than the iPod holder on the Belkin pack.  The suction cups still works but overall the design of this battery pack does not suit the Nano.  Afterall you paid so much price for the Nano for its cute thin design.  Carrying this battery pack with the Nano beats the very purpose for which you bought an expensive Nano.I am sure some other company will soon come up with a battery pack exclusively made for the Nano.  I will wait and buy that rather.  I returned this product within 2 days of buying it',
      'overall': 2.0,
      'summary': 'Not a good design',
      'unixReviewTime': 1141776000,
      'reviewTime': '03 8, 2006'},
     {'reviewerID': 'AJ3FRENI7N780',
      'asin': 'B00009U0XI',
      'reviewerName': 'Catmandu',
      'helpful': [3, 3],
      'reviewText': 'I wanted simplistic and light protection for the A620 which would fit inside a jacket pocket, the center console, or a briefcase for the daily around town carry, plus a secure and quick draw from the belt.  You never know when the newsmagazine "money shot" will happen, and I don\'t want to be fumbling past zippers and other equipment when it does.  This is a perfectly fitted case for when you are working close to a home base, and don\'t require a lot of support components on hand.  When traveling, I use a larger case with accessory pockets and more padding, but this is the carry of choice for the majority of the time.  In other words, I find both types to be valid depending on circumstance, and this case is absolutely perfect for one of them.  And at this price, there is no excuse for not having one.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Great for the purpose and the price',
      'unixReviewTime': 1140912000,
      'reviewTime': '02 26, 2006'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A2BWZGD7S0JZQJ',
      'asin': 'B00004XRED',
      'reviewerName': 'Martin P. McCarthy',
      'helpful': [1, 1],
      'reviewText': 'The Altec-Lansing ATP3 speaker set with subwoofer accomplishes what it sets out to do. Setup is a snap between the subwoofer and satellite speakers. The satellite also has the volume control as well as treble and bass controls. As for the sound, the treble and bass control radically effects the quality of the sound with a very small rangefor settings that could be considered &quot;good&quot; for sound quality. They take up little space on the desktop and the subwoofer puts out nicely. All in all, a good buy.',
      'overall': 4.0,
      'summary': 'Good for the Price',
      'unixReviewTime': 1042761600,
      'reviewTime': '01 17, 2003'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A2JVIA9P648H6Y',
      'asin': 'B00007M1TZ',
      'reviewerName': 'Amazon Customer, Paul',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'I purchased two of these headsets at once and when they arrived, one of the sets were damaged.  The opposing headpiece, the small rectangular piece that goes on the opposite side of your head, holding it on, it was broken off.  Amazon was very responsive and took care of the issue quickly.  In the meantime I used the other one and its great, clarity is good on both ends and works as advertised.  Despite arriving damaged, I still give the product a 5 star only because shipping mishaps cannot be controlled by the manufacturer and the product itself is sound!',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Great',
      'unixReviewTime': 1398988800,
      'reviewTime': '05 2, 2014'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A2I7WB91Y0XJR',
      'asin': 'B00009EFR4',
      'reviewerName': 'Will Everly Jr. "WWE"',
      'helpful': [1, 1],
      'reviewText': 'I just got this mouse as part of a "notebook essentials" kit, and it\'s proven to be a fine value for the money. A few things:**The size is great for travel... maybe it\'s too small if you have large fingers, or too heavy if you\'re a 98 lb. weakling... for everyone else, it\'s fine.Easy of use and the movement is as smooth as my corded infrared mouse at home (granted, I\'ve never used it further away from my laptop than about 2 feet).The blinking blue light on the USB part is a little annoying, but you will know for sure your connected**The sleep mode is great... if you click on a button, it comes to life immediately. My guess is the earlier reviewer with the problem had an older laptop.The earlier reviewer was incorrect, this mouse is totally plug-and-play and you can plug it in whenever you like, before powering up, in the middle of working on something... whatever. Note if you find it not plug and play, you seriously need some Windows updates.The buttons and scroll wheel work perfectly.Here\'s the bottom line: upon seeing it in action and finding out the price, two of my friends went out and bought one. It\'s not perfect, but it\'s great for the price.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Good Wireless Optical Mouse at a GREAT Price!',
      'unixReviewTime': 1195689600,
      'reviewTime': '11 22, 2007'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A1VFIY34F94XHY',
      'asin': 'B00004TDMX',
      'reviewerName': 'James Turner',
      'helpful': [6, 7],
      'reviewText': "I love my Handspring Visor! I've NEVER been organized in my life, but the Visor is making it fun. My wife and I were getting busier and busier and I really felt like I was losing touch with our plans. The Visor has helped a lot. There's lots of great programs available and I've had fun learning how to program for the Palm OS.I have a memo where I've recorded the business hours of all the stores we frequent. So now when we're out, we know when a favorite store closes before driving across town and being disappointed. I have several nice solitaire games and a Bible program (NIV), so I always have something to keep me busy when I have my Visor (like this morning in the doctor's office!).",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'I love this thing!',
      'unixReviewTime': 969580800,
      'reviewTime': '09 22, 2000'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A2K9E1JBKATL10',
      'asin': 'B00009XVCZ',
      'reviewerName': 'Nom de Guerre',
      'helpful': [1, 2],
      'reviewText': "Great lens capable of a razor thin depth of field pictures (good for portraits)achieving very sharp focus. Takes experimenting and trial and error to get familiar with its characteristics (can easily get out of focus), but once you've mastered its characteristics, you will be rewarded with tack sharp, super clear pictures, with beautiful creamy bokeh! As a prime lens you have to be ready to use your feet to move near or far from the subject to achieve the focal distance desired.  This is quite cumbersome for photographers like me spoiled by using too many zoom lenses. I however always carry this lens in my camera bag, for you never know when the right opportunity to use it comes about.  I don't mind lugging it in my bag since it is light weight, small, and does not occupy too much space.  Its large aperture makes it a fast lens too, enabling it to take pictures without flash even when there is low light. A good value for the quality of pictures you can achieve. Highly recommended!",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Great lens if you know how to use it.',
      'unixReviewTime': 1374537600,
      'reviewTime': '07 23, 2013'},
     {'reviewerID': 'AL6NLI16VNICJ',
      'asin': 'B0000CEPC0',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'Been running 3 of these at an apartment building.Running 24/7 since around 2006Great Linux support (motion/zoneminder)As others have said, picture quality is pretty bad in low-light. So make sure lighting is adequate',
      'overall': 4.0,
      'summary': 'Rock solid IP camera',
      'unixReviewTime': 1393200000,
      'reviewTime': '02 24, 2014'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A5OY9OA1Z2P6T',
      'asin': 'B00008ZPED',
      'reviewerName': 'jason',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "I received my adapter! Now I can use my IBM keyboard with a newer computer. I'm so happy that these are available. I would buy from this seller again.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'good',
      'unixReviewTime': 1369180800,
      'reviewTime': '05 22, 2013'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A38S9K9SK00XLL',
      'asin': 'B0000632H7',
      'reviewerName': 'BamBamm',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'Cheaper than Wally World, and worked great cleaning my cameras. If I need another one down the road, I will get it from here again!',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Good Product',
      'unixReviewTime': 1357344000,
      'reviewTime': '01 5, 2013'},
     {'reviewerID': 'AU1K929TNO31F',
      'asin': 'B00023C6SE',
      'reviewerName': 'wyn50',
      'helpful': [4, 4],
      'reviewText': 'The headphones has a good design but has a background hiss. Lots of reviews mention this but some are more distint than others. It could be attributed to interference from other electrical devices. I guess the best thing you could do is try it to see if you like it.',
      'overall': 3.0,
      'summary': 'Good features but hisses',
      'unixReviewTime': 1151280000,
      'reviewTime': '06 26, 2006'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A7PHXHQRUSG2Q',
      'asin': 'B0001LS35W',
      'reviewerName': 'Mike C.',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'The DataLifePlus CDs are adequate though the 50th CD seems to pick up some kind of marring around the edge of the CD from the black plastic blank at the bottom of the spindle.  I usually order Taiyo Yuden blank media but ordered a few hundred of these because I wanted to have several 50 CD cake boxes on hand for organization.  However, almost half of the cake boxes were broken upon arrival (even though the CDs were fine).  I mention this in case anyone else is buying these CDs to have some spare cake boxes on hand: you will be disappointed (and shame on Amazon for not making it easy and obvious to submit reviews on the shipping).',
      'overall': 4.0,
      'summary': 'Good quality blank media',
      'unixReviewTime': 1384819200,
      'reviewTime': '11 19, 2013'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A1URXSRV6WDHVY',
      'asin': 'B0001VWJ8Y',
      'reviewerName': 'Marty Gillis',
      'helpful': [1, 1],
      'reviewText': "I bought this to use on the stereo outputs of my DVD-A / SACD player.  I didn't want to break the bank but needed something solid and well shielded and didn't want to lose any signal strength.  This cable is very beefy and well made.  The jacks are a bit bulky but very solid. I have confidence I am hearing all I can from my player now and would recommend this cable to anyone looking to upgrade substantially from the standard RCA cable that came with whatever unit they are using.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Great and inexpensive high quality cable...',
      'unixReviewTime': 1228262400,
      'reviewTime': '12 3, 2008'},
     {'reviewerID': 'AUB3BVVNDR3XG',
      'asin': 'B0001FTVE0',
      'reviewerName': 'pepo',
      'helpful': [1, 1],
      'reviewText': 'got these a while a go and they were great from the moment i tried them and, no kidding they get better with time. they are and will probably be my favorite pair of headphones for many years to come.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'amazing experience',
      'unixReviewTime': 1320883200,
      'reviewTime': '11 10, 2011'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A2IRF39YHWJ7ZX',
      'asin': 'B0000A1G05',
      'reviewerName': 'NEXuser',
      'helpful': [1, 2],
      'reviewText': 'My copy delivers biting sharpness and snappy contrast over the whole focal length range and focal distance at F/4 or above.  As expected, F/2.8 shows a little softness plus the propensity for misfocus on my 40D.  The macro feature is tremendously handy.  So is its downsized construction.  It is my perfect lens for studio portraiture or street candid shots.  With the use of 3 LD lens elements, CA is so well-controlled that I cannot detect any PF or color fringes around high contrast edges at any focal length or F-stop.  What an optical achievement!  I have had no problem obtaining top-notch A3-size prints that show unbelieveable, edge-to-edge clarity.  The only shortcoming that holds this lens back is flare problem.  Ghosting or flaring is quite severe when a strong light source lies within the frame.  I wonder if Tamron has cut corners by not applying the best coatings to its lenses.  Reflections from lens surfaces are quite bright and conspicuous - not the deep purple or green hues that I usually see in Pentax SMC and Nikon lenses.  Despite this weakness, the Tamron A09 is a well-rounded high-achiever that certainly lives up to its reputation for being a cost-performance champion!  Highly recommended.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Overachiever - stellar performance in a compact package at a bargain price.',
      'unixReviewTime': 1213833600,
      'reviewTime': '06 19, 2008'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A1APPDSPQQO022',
      'asin': 'B00006HOAE',
      'reviewerName': 'Bill',
      'helpful': [1, 1],
      'reviewText': 'Perfect fit for my Manfrotto 3-section carbon tripod with 496RC2 head. Even have room for a light jacket and shooting vest rolled up. The side pocket stores the strap and remote release.The only nit is that the zipper can separate behind the pull. Not a big deal because the handles keep the case closed. Even with the strap attached, the case stayed closed enough that tripod did not fall out.',
      'overall': 4.0,
      'summary': 'Good choice for Manfrotto carbon tripod',
      'unixReviewTime': 1386374400,
      'reviewTime': '12 7, 2013'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A2XHJ99QCN4D0Z',
      'asin': 'B0000VD3LC',
      'reviewerName': 'T. Bush',
      'helpful': [4, 4],
      'reviewText': 'This monitor looks great. Easy to set up. At first I had it hooked up to my VGA video card and it looked good. Then I bought a DVI video card, hooked that up and it looks even better! The only drawback is it only looks this good at it\'s native 1280x1024 resolution, which makes pictures on web pages look small as compared to the 800x600 I was used too. If you plan on hooking up S-Video there is only one port for that on the side which will look tacky. If you need a space saving monitor and TV, this is the deal for you.Update: Still going strong after 6 years. I now use it as a 20" HDTV monitor.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Looks Great',
      'unixReviewTime': 1102896000,
      'reviewTime': '12 13, 2004'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A395C200US350X',
      'asin': 'B00005ATMI',
      'reviewerName': 'J. Smith "MacJoe"',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'Tried another wallet for slightly more which was terrible.  Found this one later, better price and much better.  Simulated leather back is particularly nice for attaching labels.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Great Size and quality',
      'unixReviewTime': 1327017600,
      'reviewTime': '01 20, 2012'},
     {'reviewerID': 'AGDKPD4DZD1L0',
      'asin': 'B00000JDF6',
      'reviewerName': 'Burberry_Love "chelle"',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "We got one spare computer table in the room and just 20 minutes ago I set up everything and works perfectly! It is connected to our router in the living room and right now I am  playing the music player on our Xbox accessing my mp3 songs on this computer. So happy with this Belkin ethernet cable. Oh another thing, its wires aren't awkwardly bent like other cables after you remove it from its packaging...",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'This works perfectly!',
      'unixReviewTime': 1343001600,
      'reviewTime': '07 23, 2012'},
     {'reviewerID': 'AP58E84QFYYVT',
      'asin': 'B0000BZOGJ',
      'reviewerName': 'Aaron Sherman',
      'helpful': [66, 78],
      'reviewText': 'I purchased this just this week, and while it holds myHP Pavilion DV9830US 17" Laptopsufficiently, it\'s not what I hoped for. First off, the padding around the laptop compartment is barely sufficient. I\'ve seen laptop backpacks that provide much more padding. Also, who makes a laptop backpack without CD sleeves?! There is also a front flap that\'s not sealed, so if you\'re caught in the rain that compartment will get water in it.Overall, I wasn\'t clear on who they designed this for. It was a water bottle holder and some sections that make it seem more like a sport backpack than a student / business travel oriented item, and yet no one is going to go hiking with a 17" laptop... are they? Maybe I\'m wrong.The straps seem solid, though around the shoulders they can dig in a bit. I\'m overweight, so perhaps someone who had thinner shoulders would not have this problem. The overall construction seems fine. Zippers are mostly double which is good, although the exception is the phone/music player slot on the side, which unzips in such a way that you have to hold your device in place while you re-zip, or it will simply fall out.',
      'overall': 3.0,
      'summary': 'A decent laptop pack, but not perfect',
      'unixReviewTime': 1210723200,
      'reviewTime': '05 14, 2008'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A2YGRKIRWSSGM6',
      'asin': 'B00009WO51',
      'reviewerName': 'Zach Brown',
      'helpful': [1, 1],
      'reviewText': "When I saw these at my local store, I absolutely fell in love with them. They look exactly like vinyl records, and strangely enough, they even smell like them.Anyway, I've used nearly a fourth of the CDs that I ordered, burning them for use in my Walkman. Yes, I know, strange to see a guy my age these days with a CD player, but who cares? (Someone once told me &#34;Dude, you're a total a hipster!&#34; and I was like &#34;Hipster? What?!&#34; Now I know what a hipster is...)Large capacity disks (can hold about 20-21 songs at 3.30 minutes each), novel design, and (this is somewhat weird about them) they're actually pretty scratch resistant.Overall great CDs, nostalgic yet functional, and at a great price point.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Like a blast of miniature nostalgia',
      'unixReviewTime': 1371254400,
      'reviewTime': '06 15, 2013'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A1LI0BCHN6HYE8',
      'asin': 'B00006B81D',
      'reviewerName': 'Stacey L Barr "SL"',
      'helpful': [1, 2],
      'reviewText': "I use one in the setup for our portable church campus to protect our primary projector (a $12,000 investment). This is exactly what I wanted when I started searching for a surge projector. It's tough as nails, and hasn't started to show any wear and tear after several weeks on the road.Pros:1. Sturdy metal enclosure. It's very resistant to scratches and dents.2. Heavy-duty Edison plugs do not chip easily.3. LEDs are just the right brightness to be easily seen without being too bright, even in low lighting conditions.4. It technically is a splitter too since it only takes up one outlet in a standard duplex wall outlet, leaving the other one open.5. It comes with a bracket to make mounting to a wall outlet more secure, but I have found it to be secure enough for my needs without it.Cons:1. Like others have said, it would be nice if it could plug into BOTH outlets so you can draw more power.Wishes:1. It would be nice if it was a power conditioner too, but I can't complain it isn't for the price.2. I wish it came in a higher-rated version too, somewhere in the 2,000-2,250 joules range.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Perfect for Heavy Duty Mobile Usage',
      'unixReviewTime': 1310774400,
      'reviewTime': '07 16, 2011'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A33P3QFYEXL21Q',
      'asin': 'B00008US79',
      'reviewerName': 'Charles "Charles"',
      'helpful': [3, 4],
      'reviewText': 'Does not look like a real one. Make sure you know the size before you order it.',
      'overall': 2.0,
      'summary': 'Too small',
      'unixReviewTime': 1239926400,
      'reviewTime': '04 17, 2009'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A2YX32ZMIVPUNQ',
      'asin': 'B00006JPFC',
      'reviewerName': 'Michael C. Jackson "MysticMCJ"',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "Sounded good enough in the few areas I could get reception....  Only really useful as an emergency radio for AM/FM, which isn't very useful at all.",
      'overall': 2.0,
      'summary': 'Bad reception',
      'unixReviewTime': 1364083200,
      'reviewTime': '03 24, 2013'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A19CF76CZNDIIV',
      'asin': 'B00006IRW3',
      'reviewerName': 'Clay Cope "ClayCope"',
      'helpful': [7, 7],
      'reviewText': "Purchased this adapter to get connected with two tivo's to my router. Easy plug and play, no software loading required. Would highly recommend as long as you have a series 2 Tivo.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Perfect for Tivo',
      'unixReviewTime': 1114387200,
      'reviewTime': '04 25, 2005'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A1T6KRLNTR3NOF',
      'asin': 'B000065BPB',
      'reviewerName': 'Slowestrider',
      'helpful': [0, 3],
      'reviewText': 'My Grado 60 is more than 17 years old. The Grado 60 has clearer high, more natural mid, deeper low and richer sound stage than this new Sennheisher 280 Pro I received today. The 280 does have better isolation due to enclosed design. That isolation also comes with a price, it get hot very fast while I can listen to the Grado 60 for over an hour without notice any heat or fatigue on my ears. I had my wife and son listen to both on various songs, with the volume lower on the Grado since that headphone is more sensitive than the 280, we have no doubt the Grado 60 is much better sounding than the 280 after 3 minutes.The Grado 60 cost me 69.00 years ago and it is still selling at that price, cheaper than the 280 on special sale. If you want to buy this unit, you owe yourself a listen to the Grado 60 first.',
      'overall': 2.0,
      'summary': 'Grado 60 is much better than this headphones',
      'unixReviewTime': 1227657600,
      'reviewTime': '11 26, 2008'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A2CR8HN7EZZERZ',
      'asin': 'B0000AI0N1',
      'reviewerName': 'Justin Newberry',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'It was a little more expensive than the ones you can buy at, say, Ikea.  But, it comes with its own insurance coverage!  If you want that added protection for your home or office equipment, look no further.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Perfect Surge Protector',
      'unixReviewTime': 1377475200,
      'reviewTime': '08 26, 2013'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A11D1KHM7DVOQK',
      'asin': 'B0001NBHMQ',
      'reviewerName': 'Person "qazwsx34651"',
      'helpful': [4, 5],
      'reviewText': "Sony's latest portable CD/AM/FM/TV/WB walkman is a nice player. The sound on the unit is very good, tough not quite as good as Panasonic's. It has 2 equalizers, while may CD players out today have 3.The design is below average. The buttons are poorly placed, and button are hard to find and memorize. The CD player is very slim, which is a plus. Also, the CD player is sturdy and has good construction, as most Sony products.There are many features, such as AM radio, FM radio, TV, and Weatherband, but there is no MP3 feature, which is a big minus. The player does come with a remote, but only very basic features are on it, like play, stop, pause, back, and next. There is a hold button on the CD player and remote.The cost is way overpriced. Most players at this price range have MP3, and have better sound.Overall, the DFJ200 is a flawed and overpriced CD player. Not recommended.",
      'overall': 2.0,
      'summary': 'Overpriced, and no MP3',
      'unixReviewTime': 1116979200,
      'reviewTime': '05 25, 2005'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A2XF6YX601SZ1Z',
      'asin': 'B00005111L',
      'reviewerName': 'A. Doss',
      'helpful': [2, 2],
      'reviewText': 'While this unit doesn\'t have the surge protection of the Tripp Lite\'s SS line, this 24" strip was perfect for my OmniMount RS.5 racks.  I mount these strips vertically in the channels, to power rack equipment, so I can use a short plug and minimize my wiring mess in my racks.These are solid, well built, with a nice "aluminum" looking finish with black outlets, well spaced apart.  In a 16U rack, these are perfect.I\'ve had other power strips where, upon unplugging something, I\'ve literally pulled the plastic outlet out of the metal housing.  Not so with these Tripp Lites.  There are cheaper alternatives, but these are quality power strips you will own for a lifetime.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Well built, solid, high end power strip',
      'unixReviewTime': 1314576000,
      'reviewTime': '08 29, 2011'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A3A0RFP8AL9GXO',
      'asin': 'B00008BNZ3',
      'reviewerName': 'Edward Murdoch "Renaissance Man"',
      'helpful': [1, 1],
      'reviewText': 'This is a good, well-finished light, easily portable tripod that comes in handy for use with a smaller camera.  I also own a Sunpak Mini-PRO plus tabletop tripod and a large Sunpak 8001UT tripod.  I use all three but if I had to settle for one for general use it would be this one. TheSunpak Compact Tripod Case (14" Long x 3.25" wide)is the case needed for this tripod.',
      'overall': 4.0,
      'summary': 'GOOD LIGHT SMALL TRIPOD FOR A SMALLER CAMERA',
      'unixReviewTime': 1247011200,
      'reviewTime': '07 8, 2009'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A12AYONFLIYMSZ',
      'asin': 'B00001W0DH',
      'reviewerName': 'A. F. Jackson "flashfearless"',
      'helpful': [1, 1],
      'reviewText': 'These sound awesome, and I am not a DJ.  I was just looking for some old fashioned, ear thumping headphones.  I love the way that they fold up and I love the strength in the cord.  The only negative thing that I have to say is the ear sweat you will suffer from having these on your head as you rock out.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Quality All Around',
      'unixReviewTime': 1137196800,
      'reviewTime': '01 14, 2006'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A2F0AE8YOO8Q9U',
      'asin': 'B00007B8SN',
      'reviewerName': 'Joseph M. Zafia "zafe"',
      'helpful': [1, 1],
      'reviewText': 'Bought the product just before the family went away on vacation.  The Targus case fits the portable dvd player perfectly.  There is plenty of room for storing the chargers, extra wire connecters, earphones & plenty of dvds.  Really like the product.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Great Product',
      'unixReviewTime': 1251590400,
      'reviewTime': '08 30, 2009'},
     {'reviewerID': 'AJP2CPQ6BEV30',
      'asin': 'B0001LS12C',
      'reviewerName': 'nomsdos "nomsdos"',
      'helpful': [0, 1],
      'reviewText': "This switch does not work as advertised. Period. Its implementation of 802.1Q (VLAN) support is piss-poor at best, and completely non-functional at worst. I have a DHCP server on the network that I can get to when I STATICALLY address my workstation (so I know routing is working), but DHCP requests do not get a reply. There seems to be some sort of non-configurable port blocking happening. I put in a support ticket via email, and three days later - no reply. So I called support and they said they'd call me back in 30 minutes (due to 'high call volume'), yet two hours later nothing. Call again, same thing... two hours later and I've had it.The switch interface is HORRIBLE, and the TRENDnet tech support (if you can call it that) is even WORSE!  DO NOT BUY ANY TRENDnet PRODUCTS!!!",
      'overall': 1.0,
      'summary': 'POS!!! STAY AWAY!',
      'unixReviewTime': 1386547200,
      'reviewTime': '12 9, 2013'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A2QA2UL5EJG0QF',
      'asin': 'B00007KDVI',
      'reviewerName': 'G.G.',
      'helpful': [1, 1],
      'reviewText': 'I bought this because Linksys was the best and easiest to install.  Nothing but a pain in my butt week signal and my computer is literally only 20 feet away they say thick wall affect it but I dont think they are that thick.  Signal is always week I try to move it try to adjust the settings but nothing. It was not worth the money I hope newer versions are better I may not buy another one of there products after this.',
      'overall': 1.0,
      'summary': 'Very disappointing!',
      'unixReviewTime': 1188259200,
      'reviewTime': '08 28, 2007'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A2L4XGVPR42KHL',
      'asin': 'B0000ALPBJ',
      'reviewerName': 'Therabbitssing "on the rock that spews lava.."',
      'helpful': [15, 15],
      'reviewText': 'OK, before I even start to review this remote, let me re-iterate what the manual allows.  You can dis-able the tilt switch which admittedly is too sensitive.  By holding "setup" to go to programming, then hit "other" and then the magic 985 code.  Hit Home to get back to regular mode and Voila!  Now you won\'t set off the glow by breathing near it (yes, the Radio Shack version also does this).That being done, this remote is great.  I needed an all in one remote to control a Panasonic 50" LCD RPTV, a Scientific Atlanta 8000HD high def set top cable box with DVR, a Panasonic 5 disc DVD changer, and a Yamaha Receiver.  Codes for all of them exist and for the functions that aren\'t there, the learning allows you to map buttons.  I now have virtually everything at the touch of one remote.  True, the macros may be limited compared to other remotes (The Harmony remotes come to mind) but I love the feel, look, and function of this one.It works at nearly any angle, including 180 degrees opposite the device if there\'s a wall or couch or yourself to reflect back.  Nothing beats sitting on the couch, and aiming at the ceiling and the signal still gets through.  Someone stated that holding the volume or channel button down does not repeatedly send the signal.  Mines does.  Never saw a remote that didn\'t.  You can adjust the length of the glow as well, just check the manual.  Some people stated that the glow (default is 8 secs) is too short.  You can set it to 4, 8, 12, 16, or 20 secs.  All in the manual.  You can also adjust the brightness of the glow as well.The remote is thin, and has a very nice feel on the backside, like a Fountech Airstyle PS2 controller...very comfortable and grippy.  The metal trim around the remote is classy and feels great too.  It doesn\'t feel "cheap".  The wow factor is high as well, as many people just look at the remote and say..where are the buttons?  Once it starts glowing, their eyes light up!  Granted, it has almost no tactile feedback (you can "feel" when you actually press something but it\'s not as tactile as a normal button, and if you were blindfolded, you\'d have a tougher time), but I got used to it and pretty much can locate the major "buttons" such as Vol and channel without looking.  They\'re right at start of the curve in the remote\'s shape and then the d-pad is right in the middle of the curve.  (Note: The next gen Kameleon has raised trim around the main functions so you\'ll likely see that when it arrives in the US however, don\'t hold your breath as it\'ll likely be awhile).4 AAA\'s give you power and if you disable the tilt switch (motion sensor), then you get just about as much battery life as any other remote.  It has a JP1 port..sorta...lacking the pins, it has contacts that you must hold pins against.  Makes no difference to me as I don\'t use it.  Bottom line is that I found a great feeling, working, and great looking remote at less than half the cost of a Harmony remote that will control even my HD DVR (just map the buttons with learning).  Power users with mucho devices and macro needs may want more but, you pay for that as well with higher priced remotes.  Check out the pics I took too.  I like it.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': '9...8..5... :)  Makes it all better.',
      'unixReviewTime': 1103155200,
      'reviewTime': '12 16, 2004'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A2DS9DLMSU2M2Z',
      'asin': 'B00017LSPI',
      'reviewerName': 'txmikey "Tx Mikey"',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'I like the Gittos Rocket air blaster.  It works well to get rid of the stubborn dust particles.More reliable than a can of air (they always seem to run out when you need them).',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'removes dust particles',
      'unixReviewTime': 1299196800,
      'reviewTime': '03 4, 2011'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A28A0A6EDMP5P8',
      'asin': 'B00007E7C8',
      'reviewerName': 'oceanshaman',
      'helpful': [1, 2],
      'reviewText': "I listen to meditation tapes and some include alpha-producing sounds. Also I want to block out environmental noise when I'm meditating. These work with all my computers. Also my boom box. There's an extra adjustment piece for a larger earphone outlet.Very comfortable. Very clear. If I were recording music I might want something more high end and expensive..... but again: at this price I looked a long time and found nothing better!",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'For the price ... I dont think these can be beat!!',
      'unixReviewTime': 1366416000,
      'reviewTime': '04 20, 2013'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A2158GNFTU05TH',
      'asin': 'B00005N6KG',
      'reviewerName': 'Muckleloon',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'I almost skipped this product due to the low price and what I assumed would be poor sound quality. Unfortunately I was fooled by the good reviews and place an order.  The sound quality really is poor. I had the volume on up to full on my ipod and could barely hear the music over the background noise in the gym. What little I could hear was tinny and barely recognizable as music.  This is not an anti-Sony rant - I have gone back to my tried and trusted (but more expensive) Sony MDR-AS20J. They are double the price but 10 times the quality.',
      'overall': 1.0,
      'summary': 'Cheap in all respects',
      'unixReviewTime': 1343692800,
      'reviewTime': '07 31, 2012'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A3LWV4B2ZTBDQ0',
      'asin': 'B00007E7K1',
      'reviewerName': 'Camman',
      'helpful': [0, 1],
      'reviewText': 'bc i lost mine and it fits great, you can go wrong on this one,  for the price just but it',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'oder this',
      'unixReviewTime': 1361145600,
      'reviewTime': '02 18, 2013'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A3V3RVPM5XH01O',
      'asin': 'B000089GN2',
      'reviewerName': 'Bonnie "BJS"',
      'helpful': [1, 1],
      'reviewText': "I have owned a pair of these headphones for almost three years, and used them almost on a daily basis. Excellent noise canceling and easy to wear. I am now purchasing a new pair because the ones I have just couldn't make it another day. I uses these daily, and I think I got my money's worth. Believe me when I say I am using a highly rated Panasonic and they only make me more anxious for my new PXC 250's to get here. I have also used Bose and for the money I would buy Sennheiser PXC 250 any day.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Excellent noise cancelling headphones',
      'unixReviewTime': 1223942400,
      'reviewTime': '10 14, 2008'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A16KIQ83QUDL68',
      'asin': 'B00004T8R2',
      'reviewerName': 'Thugga08 "Sweet Pea"',
      'helpful': [9, 10],
      'reviewText': "When I received these headphones I thought they were going to sound like crap. No headphones that I've ever seen or purchased for that amount of money were good.  But when I plugged them in to my Mp3, I was surprised. They sounded GOOOD!! I couldn't believe it so I had my sister try them out. She loved them too! And she could barely believe how good and bass-ey they sounded...especially after I told her the price! So long story short, get these...you will be pleasantly surprised like I was! Oh! The only reason why I gave them four stars is because they have a hard time staying on my head. They slide off a lot, and I have a pretty good sized head. But other than that, they are very good quality!",
      'overall': 4.0,
      'summary': "Smoothest Bass I've EVER heard from a lightweight headphone!",
      'unixReviewTime': 1215648000,
      'reviewTime': '07 10, 2008'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A2KKKQG0LZUSCL',
      'asin': 'B00021EE4U',
      'reviewerName': 'Stanley Bembenek',
      'helpful': [7, 7],
      'reviewText': "Outstanding Macro lens. I did a lot of research on this lens before purchasing and couldn't find any negatives from the experts. Having it in hand for about a month the images are snappy, even wide open. I now see why prime lenses are held in such high regard. I purposley tried to induce flare with the lens hood on and found it was nearly impossible to  create even pointing the camera just a few degrees from the light source.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'great Macro lens',
      'unixReviewTime': 1253750400,
      'reviewTime': '09 24, 2009'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A2J0ZNN20XJ1VQ',
      'asin': 'B0000C47QI',
      'reviewerName': 'G33kman',
      'helpful': [2, 2],
      'reviewText': "Got this bag for my Canon HFS100 camcorder. Fits perfectly and has an adequate amount of padding on all sides. 2nd interior pouch stores my cables, and would probably accommodate a spare battery easily. Outside pocket is for thin items like an SD card, DV tape, or lens cleaner. Double-zipper on top secures it closed, though it's not easy to do with one hand. Shoulder straps are nylon with hard plastic clips. Exterior is a combination of a leathery-material and fabric, with a semi-rugged textured bottom. The Amazon description indicates it's real leather...I'm not sure about that. It's close, but it feels fake. It should protect against light splashes of water, but I would be hesitant about anything more. Very sturdy, well made, and looks good. For the average person who doesn't carry a lot of accessories around, I would say this bag is ideal, especially at the price. But enthusiasts will want a larger one.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Excellent Bag',
      'unixReviewTime': 1262131200,
      'reviewTime': '12 30, 2009'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A2FRDCODHSJN8U',
      'asin': 'B0000D80D3',
      'reviewerName': 'Rob "Rob6610"',
      'helpful': [3, 3],
      'reviewText': "Nice camera and it takes great photos but it bugs me to buy disposable cameras when non-disposables aren't much more expensive.  So why did I buy it?  Because I left my non-disposable at home when we went on vacation!  Not a bad little camera, though.",
      'overall': 4.0,
      'summary': 'Much better photos than expected',
      'unixReviewTime': 1220572800,
      'reviewTime': '09 5, 2008'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A116EHFWFGTAI0',
      'asin': 'B0001HOWTW',
      'reviewerName': 'R. B. TOMLINSON',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'This case is well made, looks good, and fits well to my camera.  The only reason I gave it 4 stars is I would prefer the case did not include the extra small pocket on the front.  Deleting this pocket would have made the case a little thinner which I would prefer for carrying it in my backpack.',
      'overall': 4.0,
      'summary': 'Nice case',
      'unixReviewTime': 1282262400,
      'reviewTime': '08 20, 2010'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A1VXYJDX6I0XG',
      'asin': 'B00009NQQ6',
      'reviewerName': 'Scott Williams',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'This port was to replace an existing port that went bad.  The swap out was simple and easy - plug and play.  It works great for a dot matrix printer.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Easy plug and play.',
      'unixReviewTime': 1383523200,
      'reviewTime': '11 4, 2013'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A13V1ZWGVTHU6Y',
      'asin': 'B0001LTT5K',
      'reviewerName': 'Manish Kanojia',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'I bought this as a replacement to my earlier mouse that had a rim of metal..  I was surprised, when I was using my earlier mouse, i got static shock and my laptop conked off! Lucky that I had my laptop in warranty period that covered it..I bought this mouse for this very reason... This may sound funny that you get static shock from a mouse but believe me it happens and can kill your notebook..This is a very nice mouse.. I use it regularly and is working fine.. Its easy to use too.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Very nice product and easy to use',
      'unixReviewTime': 1193184000,
      'reviewTime': '10 24, 2007'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A3MBDE9C41JVDM',
      'asin': 'B0001F22PA',
      'reviewerName': 'consumer',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'This unit works as advertised, however there is not much range to the FM transmitting.  You have to put the FM Receiver right next to the FM Transmitter to hear the sound clearly.  You can not receive the signal clearly across the room.',
      'overall': 3.0,
      'summary': 'Poor range.',
      'unixReviewTime': 1204243200,
      'reviewTime': '02 29, 2008'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A1U49L9CRC2IKQ',
      'asin': 'B00007IFED',
      'reviewerName': 'Y. Yu "a dizzy fish"',
      'helpful': [1, 1],
      'reviewText': 'I need a USB adapter to connect my new Macbook Air to the ethernet in my lab. I previously bought another usb adapterI/O Crest SY-ADA24005 USB 2.0 Ethernet Adapter, which didn\'t work out because its MAC address surprisingly changes every time you plug/unplug the cable. However in order to use DHCP in the university, you need to register your "unique" MAC address... so I decided to try this adapter.This adapter arrived one day earlier than expected (already by Prime 2-day shipping). The package is quite nice and came with a driver CD. I installed the driver intended for OS X 10.4, namely AX88772.pkg, which seems to be the most appropriate for my OS X 10.8... After rebooting, the adapter got recognized but I was still not able to use DHCP, so I registered the MAC address in the university database. After a few seconds, the status showed "connected"! I unplugged and replugged it just to see if the MAC address would change as the aforementioned product did, to my delight it stayed the same and the internet was again ready to use.I\'m very happy to get it to work and as a plus, I like the blinking lights on the adapter which give me a better idea of the network status. The adapte is well made and much cheaper than the one from Apple. I\'d recommend this product to anyone who\'s looking for an alternative to Apple\'s USB adapter.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Works for 2012 Macbook Air with Mountain Lion!',
      'unixReviewTime': 1344816000,
      'reviewTime': '08 13, 2012'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A3CJOK1P0K9QO6',
      'asin': 'B00023431M',
      'reviewerName': 'Steven F. Williams',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'Great camera, great quality. I think one of the cameras is just at the edge of the wireless range. but apart from that, I am happy with them.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Wireless IP Camera',
      'unixReviewTime': 1267920000,
      'reviewTime': '03 7, 2010'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A2BZJFF352W2OD',
      'asin': 'B00005N6KF',
      'reviewerName': '"tkdtrickster"',
      'helpful': [1, 2],
      'reviewText': 'THe sound is very very nice, crisp, clear on everything. I bought them just for general use which include just regular computer sounds. Music much better. THese are very comfortable as well! I could wear them for hours! O yea, and if your a snowboarder, these would be very nice to listen to stuff while riding. And theyll keep ur ears nice n toasty! but, they dont make ur ears hot while you are inside (which is good). I give these headphones four stars because of their inexpensiveness, styleness, and totally awesome music quality!',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Very Very Nice',
      'unixReviewTime': 1079308800,
      'reviewTime': '03 15, 2004'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A9O1KCH7X8K9Q',
      'asin': 'B00006RVNC',
      'reviewerName': 'rusty child',
      'helpful': [3, 3],
      'reviewText': "This cable was just what I needed to connect my stereo to my computer's sound card across the room.  I've been converting old LPs to digital files, and having a well-built cable probably improved the sound quality considerably.  Amazon's price was unbeatable too.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'substantial construction, long cable',
      'unixReviewTime': 1162425600,
      'reviewTime': '11 2, 2006'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A20PGQFWRTJLW',
      'asin': 'B00007EDZG',
      'reviewerName': 'Zetta "Z"',
      'helpful': [5, 5],
      'reviewText': "The remote works very well with my D80.  Indoors or if the camera has nearby objects, the IR beam seems to bounce off and reach from any angle, even directly behind and from at least 10ft away (I didn't have more room).  Outside without surrounding objects, I was able to fire it from a side.  I think its a great product. Match it with a Joby Gorilla tripod an you get easy to setup and trigger shots at night or in low lights.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Works great!',
      'unixReviewTime': 1182384000,
      'reviewTime': '06 21, 2007'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A281T8MXBOSWY5',
      'asin': 'B0000DK39Z',
      'reviewerName': 'granger',
      'helpful': [2, 2],
      'reviewText': "David Oliver's review is right on the mark - though I don't seem to have the oversharpness issue that his camera does.I'd just like to add how easy it is to take manual control of the camera.  Just about all of the frequently used types of adjustment are easily accessed without delving into the menu system.  Once you take the time to understand this camera, you can easily make any shooting adjustment you wish. The design is very ergonomic.I too have no complaints about the battery.  It lasts forever! And if you need to stretch the battery, you can easily work with the LCD off.  If your making an oncamera adjustment and need to see what's on the LCD, it switches the LCD on and then off again when you're finished.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'First rate Prosumer camera',
      'unixReviewTime': 1083542400,
      'reviewTime': '05 3, 2004'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A1PD4IG0K61FOU',
      'asin': 'B000063Y73',
      'reviewerName': 'Melvin Shannon',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'Very good device works well with the camera as if it was made just for it. If I needed another one I would not hesitate to get another one.',
      'overall': 4.0,
      'summary': 'Great for a camera kit.',
      'unixReviewTime': 1385856000,
      'reviewTime': '12 1, 2013'},
     {'reviewerID': 'AEAYQJZD5K0IZ',
      'asin': 'B000067SG2',
      'reviewerName': 'Wireless Worker',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "Not a lot to say about a wire but:Unlike other wires reviewed this one survivied pulling thru walls and across inslulation. The snagless feature passed the test!  The connectors fit perfectly into different devices without a problem; ie. I pushed the connector in and 'snap' it connected.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Perfect!',
      'unixReviewTime': 1392163200,
      'reviewTime': '02 12, 2014'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A2I357I10ZY7CI',
      'asin': 'B000067RMT',
      'reviewerName': 'M. Nguyen',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'Quality feels good and it works.  I used it to tether my DSLR to my laptop in my photo booth setup.  Cable works great and did the job.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Great',
      'unixReviewTime': 1387929600,
      'reviewTime': '12 25, 2013'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A37KG9AQK1PN10',
      'asin': 'B000087BXU',
      'reviewerName': 'William B. Dwinnell IV',
      'helpful': [7, 7],
      'reviewText': "iQue = PDA + GPS, which is a versatile, capable tool... when it is working.  I have found the PDA/GPS combination to be fantastic.  Garmin's approach to the iQue 3600's extreme sensitivity to static electricity, however, has been very poor.  I have gone through 4 units since receiving this device as a gift.  Exchanges with Garmin have been no-questions-asked, but it is a hassle, and I end up paying shipping one way each time, plus there is the hassle of re-installing via Garmin's draconian serial number system.Overall, I like this product, but if there is any chance that your unit may face one elctron of static electricity, consider carefully before buying this item.",
      'overall': 2.0,
      'summary': 'Very Tempermental, But When It Works, 5 Stars',
      'unixReviewTime': 1131321600,
      'reviewTime': '11 7, 2005'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A2Z3IXZ17E88J4',
      'asin': 'B000089GN2',
      'reviewerName': 'James Tepper "&#34;Are we there yet&#34;"',
      'helpful': [24, 26],
      'reviewText': "I bought these 6 months ago, just before a plane trip, to use with my computer.  They are lightweight, comfortable, and sound pretty good for collapsible portable headphones.  Then I turned on the noise cancellation switch on the small cigar sized and shaped battery compartment.  Whoopeee!  The sound, particulary the bass, got substantially better and clearer. When I got on an airplane a couple of weeks later I had the same Yahoo experience.  The headphones (with the noice cancellation engaged) made listening to airplane audio much, much better, and also cut out a substantial (perhaps 50-70%) amount of the low frequency airplane noise.  You can even use them for that purpose without listening to any audio source.  For the money, a great buy.  Good for everyday use around the home, and great for airplanes, trains or buses.  I'd buy them again.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Excellent lightweight noise cancellation headphones',
      'unixReviewTime': 1093996800,
      'reviewTime': '09 1, 2004'},
     {'reviewerID': 'AGHZXQL9F94T9',
      'asin': 'B00008IOEJ',
      'reviewerName': 'superman2k3 "superman2k3"',
      'helpful': [5, 16],
      'reviewText': "There no other word to describe this camera. Don't go for its 3MP/3x tag, there are many others things which need to be good. For example picture quality, battery life, features, indoor pics, build quality are all bad.Anyways the camera isn't worth your money. Just 3MP doesn't mean good pics...",
      'overall': 2.0,
      'summary': 'Pathetic!',
      'unixReviewTime': 1054944000,
      'reviewTime': '06 7, 2003'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A1VMG0U3US3NF2',
      'asin': 'B00006HUJU',
      'reviewerName': 'Daniel Galletti',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'Having read several bad reviews I was hesitant to buy a &#34;cheaper&#34; no name brand of CAT cable for my home office.I opted to spend a bit more and go with Belkin.  The cable arrived in good shape.  It appeared slightly cheap in appearance but did not crimp or break when bent.I ran the cable up to my home office from a lower level and the cable worked the first time connected and is going strong 1 month later.  No complaints.',
      'overall': 4.0,
      'summary': 'Works!',
      'unixReviewTime': 1353888000,
      'reviewTime': '11 26, 2012'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A3QXV52FQJSIG8',
      'asin': 'B00015CQ2E',
      'reviewerName': 'R. Hume',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "I ordered this to replace my hood.  It shattered when the lens and camera were dropped.  Lens had to go in for repair but I am happy to say that all the lens elements were fine and the body of the lens didn't show any damage.  I know the hood is supposed to keep stray light under control but I would say it saved my glass this time around.  If your lens doesn't have a hood, get one!",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Canon Quality!  Great protection!',
      'unixReviewTime': 1233446400,
      'reviewTime': '02 1, 2009'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A2MO8QZTNYYB98',
      'asin': 'B0001KWGOW',
      'reviewerName': 'Sheri Fogarty',
      'helpful': [22, 22],
      'reviewText': "I bought my Palm Zire 31 over a year ago and I just love it.I read a lot of ebooks and had a rocket ebook reader that needed replacing and this has been terrific. I've added a 16 mb card and have 50-60 books on here, plus my address book, and two great games (Bedazzled and Word Pop;).The only glitch I've had is with Adobe reader. I'm on a Mac and some of my books  had a problem where anything in italics became unreadable once it was on the Palm.I switched to Palm Reader (and using Ebook studio you can turn any book in to a palm readable format) and that's worked great.I've thought about upgrading cause of some of the new feature but have decided against it as this still works so well, I love it!",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'After a year, I still love it!',
      'unixReviewTime': 1154390400,
      'reviewTime': '08 1, 2006'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A80Y1OBPWHVJJ',
      'asin': 'B00006B81E',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "It's compact and company that makes this surge protector gets nothing but great reviews. Don't think just get.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': "... company that makes this surge protector gets nothing but great reviews. Don't think just get",
      'unixReviewTime': 1405209600,
      'reviewTime': '07 13, 2014'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A300S5QIIMBQNH',
      'asin': 'B00005U7RW',
      'reviewerName': 'William B. Mattes "Bill"',
      'helpful': [1, 1],
      'reviewText': "While I haven't compared these to other travel speakers, I can compare them to your average PC speaker, and there they compare very, very well, and yet are considerably lighter and more portable. I have used them traveling for my laptop, for a CD player, an MP3 player, and even the Yamaha Silent String travel guitar. For all of these uses these are great speakers. Of course they should not be compared to full size Boze speakers or high-end headphones, but for the purpose of a portable speaker they are outstanding. As noted, the speakers have their own carrying bag and the AC power supply works for European power. I wanted something to provide good sound on the road and these definitely are the ticket for that.",
      'overall': 4.0,
      'summary': 'Great Travel Speakers',
      'unixReviewTime': 1171756800,
      'reviewTime': '02 18, 2007'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A124YL5SX43LCC',
      'asin': 'B000231D1K',
      'reviewerName': 'Casual Reviewer',
      'helpful': [207, 212],
      'reviewText': 'I\'ve taken a lot of pictures with this camera as well as with many other digital cameras. I rank this camera near the top for cameras in this price range.Rather than going through all of the features, I\'m going to comment on what I think makes this camera stand out and what I think this camera lacks.Two of the things that make this camera really stand out are:1. It has a huge lens, and2. The lens is made out of glass, not plastic.I believe that these two factors make more of a difference in photo quality than other things, such as a high mega pixel count. You can really see the quality in the photos that this camera takes. The colors are accurate. The images are sharp. And there is no noise when you take a low light, flash photo.Other nice things about this camera:The flash is more than adequate. The 2.2" LCD is really nice. The movies it takes are decent and you have unlimited movie time. It has a ton of user options and features. And of course, the zoom on this camera is incredible for the size and price. This camera has many, many nice things about it, too numerous to go into here.The down sides are few. One of them is that the camera is big. I really can\'t consider it a "pocket" camera because it simply won\'t fit in your pocket. But that\'s the trade off for the big lens and the huge zoom.This camera also has some difficulty focusing in low light. This is the reason I didn\'t give it 5 stars. Kodak did improve on this from the previous version of this camera (the DX6490) but every camera manufacturer should add that little red light that shines on the subject so that the camera can achieve a proper focus in low light. This is the one feature that I think this, and all cameras that don\'t have a manual focus, should absolutely have.If you\'re looking for a pocket camera, this probably won\'t suit your needs. Just remember that most, if not all pocket cameras in this price range have really small, plastic lenses. Usually this means a very noticeable sacrifice in image quality (the Sony-T1 is an example of this).Before you buy this camera, I would recommend you look into the Fugifilm Finepix S5000 and S5100. These are also excellent cameras, but I prefer the Kodak.',
      'overall': 4.0,
      'summary': 'Many pluses. Few minuses.',
      'unixReviewTime': 1100649600,
      'reviewTime': '11 17, 2004'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A1NZLRAZJGD99W',
      'asin': 'B00000JDF6',
      'reviewerName': 'Kimo',
      'helpful': [2, 2],
      'reviewText': 'I ordered both the Belkin 25 ft CAT 5e and the Belkin 50 ft. CAT 5e cables since I was not sure if the 25 ft cable would be long enough --- as it turned out the 25 ft cable was just what I needed so I did not use the 50 ft. cable.  The 25 ft cable comes in Belkin packaging and markings but (like other reviewers stated) the 50 ft. cable comes in a plastic bag that says made in China and there is no indication that the cable is a Belkin.I gave this 2 stars because it does not appear to be a Belkin product --- I would give the 25 ft. cable 5 stars.',
      'overall': 2.0,
      'summary': 'Not Sure About this Product.',
      'unixReviewTime': 1388448000,
      'reviewTime': '12 31, 2013'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A2GP3MF3JV9XSO',
      'asin': 'B00004T8R2',
      'reviewerName': 'Daniel Pacheco Jr. "Skeptic Buyer"',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'My old headphones were disintegrating so I looked around and found these Panasonic RP-HT21 Lightweight Headphones with XBS Port . They arrived on time in great packaging. I had to modify them to fit my bald head. They work great now.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Panasonic RP-HT21 Lightweight Headphones with XBS Port',
      'unixReviewTime': 1402531200,
      'reviewTime': '06 12, 2014'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A6WS7UHTSNDYP',
      'asin': 'B0000AE68O',
      'reviewerName': 'FreddieH',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "I can't say that I am an expert on art portfolios but for the price I don't see how you could beat this item. Very good quality.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Very satisfied',
      'unixReviewTime': 1383609600,
      'reviewTime': '11 5, 2013'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A25YCWZALU31OD',
      'asin': 'B000092YPR',
      'reviewerName': 'Thom Schreck "jamms"',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "The headphones were nice. The cord was longer than I needed, but not too bad. The sound in one of the headphones broke in a week. Amazon doesn't accept returns without the original packaging, which I didn't have. It shipped in one of those plastic containers that you have to use scissors to open. I contacted Sony which is what you have to do when their product has a defect like this. It cost an additional $6.00 to mail them the item to be repaired or replaced. The quality was nice and they were enjoyable to use. My problem is with the support that Sony gives you after it's broke.",
      'overall': 2.0,
      'summary': 'Broke within a week',
      'unixReviewTime': 1297209600,
      'reviewTime': '02 9, 2011'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A3KN1J914HP91Q',
      'asin': 'B00022OBO2',
      'reviewerName': 'Albert M.',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'I had some $79 Boston Acoustics in my 2011 Kia Soul front doors. Had them in there about a year before they started buzzing and distorting. I will admit I was skeptical about the price of these Pyle speakers but I will admit, I am pleasantly surprised and pleased. I would definitely buy them again. For the record, I am using the stock stereo.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Very impressed.',
      'unixReviewTime': 1404864000,
      'reviewTime': '07 9, 2014'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A2WG0EEAPLUTRE',
      'asin': 'B00009UU26',
      'reviewerName': 'E. Brown',
      'helpful': [3, 3],
      'reviewText': "I just started using the Zing 501-101 SBK1 Standard SLR Cover (Black).  Since I purchased my first DSLR I have spent a fortune on different bags, trying to find the right combination of protection, portability and ease of use.  None of them has been right in all situations.  I think this cover is the answer.  First it fits myOlympus Evolt E500 8MP Digital SLR (Body Only)withOlympus 35mm f/3.5 1:1 Macro Zuiko Lens for E Series DSLRattached perfectly.  I find it easy to take the camera out for shooting.  The cover stays attached to the strap with a convenient hook.  The entire package is neat and compact, making it possible to use in any bag or pack as well as making it an excellent choice to simply carry as is.I haven't tried it on myOlympus Evolt E510 10MP Digital SLR Camera with CCD Shift Image Stabilization (Body Only)but I have no reason to think, given the similarity between the two backs, that there should be any problemShipping from Amazon was amazingly fast.  And the minimal packaging was environmentally friendly.I've now ordered another version so that I can use it withOlympus Evolt E510 10MP Digital SLR Camera with CCD Shift Image Stabilization (Body Only)and the Olympus Zuiko 12-60mm f/2.8-4.0 Digital ED SWD Lens for Olympus Digital SLR Cameras.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Perfect For My Needs',
      'unixReviewTime': 1238976000,
      'reviewTime': '04 6, 2009'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A2P5RXCBRD1ZV',
      'asin': 'B00009R6TA',
      'reviewerName': 'Bradley N. Pennell',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "I love this camera bag.  It holds almost all of my camera equipment.  Including both of my Canon SLR cameras.  The only thing that I cannot fit in the bag is my 1,000mm lens.  It is just too long for the bag.  It is a very sturdy design.  It has lots of pockets to pack away all kinds of camera equipment.  And it even has two straps, one at the waist, and one at the chest, to make sure that it does not fall off, or to make sure that someone can't just run off with it.  Over all, I cannot be happier with this purchase.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Great camera bag',
      'unixReviewTime': 1171324800,
      'reviewTime': '02 13, 2007'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A33ZD42EE62AFR',
      'asin': 'B000093UDQ',
      'reviewerName': 'J. R. Sheehy',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "if you want a high quality tripod, this isn't itbut with that in mind, i really like iti am going to use it sporatically for basic stuffit's nice because the legs have two extensions, so you can make it really talland there's also a hand-crank part that extends the center portion higherit also has the pivoting handle, and it's all direction adjustable-",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'cheap- but full sized and good',
      'unixReviewTime': 1362873600,
      'reviewTime': '03 10, 2013'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A2ZODK2UVATV0N',
      'asin': 'B000038AB2',
      'reviewerName': 'Lawrence W. Williams',
      'helpful': [4, 4],
      'reviewText': 'Resolution quality is fantastic for the Amazon.com price.  It comes with  battery charger which is a must.  I print great 8x10 pictures.  If you want  to take many high resolution picture, order an extra memory card.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Great Camera',
      'unixReviewTime': 967766400,
      'reviewTime': '09 1, 2000'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A331TXDQ3NFCHG',
      'asin': 'B00003CWDG',
      'reviewerName': 'David J. Sussman "Dark Sky"',
      'helpful': [1, 1],
      'reviewText': 'Waste of money. It doesnt hold on to the plugs. Buy the Belkin. Better quality fer sure. Worth the money, too.',
      'overall': 1.0,
      'summary': 'Kerrrappp!',
      'unixReviewTime': 1252540800,
      'reviewTime': '09 10, 2009'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A2KWHJ272EKLO2',
      'asin': 'B00003CWDH',
      'reviewerName': 'w3bCraw1er',
      'helpful': [0, 1],
      'reviewText': 'This is a must buy for your valuable purchase. In my place I have seen that the electricity fluctuates a lot. This provides protection to valuable equipment.',
      'overall': 4.0,
      'summary': 'Must buy!',
      'unixReviewTime': 1240617600,
      'reviewTime': '04 25, 2009'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A2FILJGBOCEUX5',
      'asin': 'B00007AP2O',
      'reviewerName': 'Helmut Lecke',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "It took a while to get here, directly from overseas. But for a price, shipping included, so low that the postage could have been more, I could wait. Once I got it and plugged it in, it worked without problems. You can't ask for more.",
      'overall': 4.0,
      'summary': 'It works for little more than postage!',
      'unixReviewTime': 1395187200,
      'reviewTime': '03 19, 2014'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A2JYGJ51259YW7',
      'asin': 'B00009R72R',
      'reviewerName': 'Blaine E. Moyer "JarheadBlaine"',
      'helpful': [18, 19],
      'reviewText': "Works as advertised.  A friend asked me to restore a photograph that had salsa on it.  I decided to try this product to reduce the level of stain before I did my restoration scan.  I'm glad I scanned one time before using the cleaner.  It took off a little more than I wanted.  My fault as maybe I used too much pressure.  Read and follow the instructions",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Powerful Stuff',
      'unixReviewTime': 1247184000,
      'reviewTime': '07 10, 2009'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A3RJ304KQT6T43',
      'asin': 'B000050X97',
      'reviewerName': 'cubby89',
      'helpful': [4, 4],
      'reviewText': '... Using a Celeron 700 and it takes 15 minutes to burn an audio CD. I have to use 8x because errors pop up at higher speeds. Also, it is very loud. I recommend a Plextor 12x plexwriter. It is a lot faster and quieter. It took only 6 minutes to burn an audio cd at 12x with a Celeron 366.',
      'overall': 1.0,
      'summary': 'I do not like this CDRW.',
      'unixReviewTime': 1002931200,
      'reviewTime': '10 13, 2001'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A3E4W83XSN1WH8',
      'asin': 'B0001VWHGS',
      'reviewerName': 'Michael Luciano "MikeyLikesIt"',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'cheap, sturdy, and one very happy customer! Buy them, you will not regret it.  6 feet is not enough for some, but worked well for me with extra space. Measure before you buy!',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Give my monster cables a run for thier money.',
      'unixReviewTime': 1244073600,
      'reviewTime': '06 4, 2009'},
     {'reviewerID': 'ACSCECQJQNT5I',
      'asin': '9625993428',
      'reviewerName': 'TimTime',
      'helpful': [1, 1],
      'reviewText': "As a microphone this thing works fine. However if you are trying to turn your itouch into a skype phone forget it as the volume on itouch just isn't loud enough. I have found out that the only way to use the itouch as s skype phone is to use the headphones that include a mic. And then if you have skype in, forget it because you will never hear the thing ring. But the mic works and it is little money.",
      'overall': 2.0,
      'summary': 'Works for recording just fine but not for skype',
      'unixReviewTime': 1278892800,
      'reviewTime': '07 12, 2010'},
     {'reviewerID': 'ACDHUPAMZR7DC',
      'asin': 'B00004THD4',
      'reviewerName': 'Michael M.',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'i purchase this used and the company is awesome. It didnt come with the box but its working good. You have to buy a canon flash for your canon camera. This will adjust and made for canon so you dont have to do a lot of ISO adjustments...',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'nice flash',
      'unixReviewTime': 1386547200,
      'reviewTime': '12 9, 2013'},
     {'reviewerID': 'AZSPWMLZ8NQOD',
      'asin': 'B0001HKIK4',
      'reviewerName': 'BCRREVIEW',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'These give a very sharp, bright image, with excellent color fidelity.  Actually, I was blown away by the image, considering the price.  The quality of the materials and the workmanship appear and feel excellent.  The primary focus ring is nice and snug, as is the right ocular focus ring and the swivel action pivot...meaning they will not easily bump out of adjustment.  The image does tend to blur a bit at the extreme edges of the field of view, and the red-blue refraction issue is apparent there as well.  However, in the center (broadly, and anywhere a typical person is likely to look in the field of view), the image is incredible.  The "edge" effect is therefore really not an issue.  If you demand a perfect image out to the edge, you can always spend ten times the price on a different pair of binoculars.  With these, however, I can easily see a couple of dozen craters on the moon and I am sure they will satisfy most birders, whale watchers, etc.  That said, I did not like the strap very much.  By comparison, it is cheap.  I guess Nikon expects you to probably buy a better one anyway and they decided instead to put their quality into the binoculars.  (I received these as an item off of my Amazon wish list.)',
      'overall': 4.0,
      'summary': 'Excellent image',
      'unixReviewTime': 1369699200,
      'reviewTime': '05 28, 2013'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A2ALCI2BU43KTU',
      'asin': 'B00003CWDG',
      'reviewerName': "60's something",
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'This product is highly recommended - I have bought several for multiple appliances.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Peace of mind',
      'unixReviewTime': 1404518400,
      'reviewTime': '07 5, 2014'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A3EYTSTNBQ7TOM',
      'asin': 'B0000775AA',
      'reviewerName': 'T. Dujon "amazon fan"',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'The camcorder fits in the bag perfectly. The bag feels durable and even with the camcorder inside feels light like there is nothing in it.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Perfect',
      'unixReviewTime': 1201132800,
      'reviewTime': '01 24, 2008'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A242IFN64X6R4E',
      'asin': 'B000069E22',
      'reviewerName': 'Grumple Dumple',
      'helpful': [23, 23],
      'reviewText': 'I use this with my Olympus C-730. There is nothing wrong with it. It does what it was designed to do. It gives you a 55mm diameter mounting thread for using optional wide-angle, telephoto and macro lenses with your Olympus camera(s). These are the cameras that it can be used with: C-700, C-720, C-730, C-740, C-750, C-765 and the C-770. Five stars means all is well with it.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Fine For Use With My C-730!',
      'unixReviewTime': 1101340800,
      'reviewTime': '11 25, 2004'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A1DL6KM0WW9H8Q',
      'asin': 'B000068O3C',
      'reviewerName': 'Josh',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'The cables them selves feel nice. The 1/8&#34; jack is good, but the 1/4&#34; side is kinda of funky. I need to twist them around in the jack to get a good signal. Not sure if theres some weird coating on them or what. But once they are going they work good.',
      'overall': 3.0,
      'summary': 'Not bad for the price',
      'unixReviewTime': 1373846400,
      'reviewTime': '07 15, 2013'},
     {'reviewerID': 'AI2XKZ306OEDF',
      'asin': 'B00009W3E2',
      'reviewerName': 'Donald D. Gagen "Don"',
      'helpful': [4, 5],
      'reviewText': "Its a super-simple and inexpensive indoor antenna that works great for HDTV.  Don't be fooled into thinking you have to buy a super expensive antenna to get an excellent HDTV signal.  I was able to pull in about 30 + channels in my area.  The picture quality was really enhanced when I switched to this antenna.  Your experience may vary.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Simple, inexpensive, and works great for HDTV',
      'unixReviewTime': 1263168000,
      'reviewTime': '01 11, 2010'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A4HPC16JJ3RRO',
      'asin': 'B0001BVXI6',
      'reviewerName': 'Ken S. Shimizu',
      'helpful': [2, 2],
      'reviewText': 'what can i say?  this product works as advertised and is very easy to use.  makes everything easier by using two  computer towers with one monitor.  just make sure what kind of keyboard/mouse input/output cables that reside on the back of your computers and mouse/keyboard.  it can be confusing on knowing which model to buy with all the usb/serial input/ serial output/mouse connector/ keyboard connector, etc.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'IOgear 2 port usb kvm switch',
      'unixReviewTime': 1305244800,
      'reviewTime': '05 13, 2011'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A17MRB2O4NTF3',
      'asin': 'B00009R8GT',
      'reviewerName': 'Chun Li',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'I ordered this package directly from Vanns to get same price but free shipping in August.  The included AA batteries were 2500mAh.  (Amazon needs to update its product description.)  Having owned a non-durable Kodak charger and a super dumb Energizer charger, I finally own a smart charger at a low price.  If you use NiMh batteries often enough, to avoid hassles and lengthen battery life, I recommend you get a smart charger that can (1) charge batteries individually, (2) charge up quickly within 1-3 hours (but not too quickly like the 15 minutes chargers), (3) trickle charge.  You can spend 20 dollars for this smart charger or about 60 for a smarter smart charger (like La Crosse or Maha chargers).  To me this charger is good enough, and it also came with a car adapter cord.  It has a small fan to ventilate air to cool batteries when charging, which is a cheap old but very effective approach to lengthening battery life.  The fan may be noisy if the charger is put on a hard surface.  I put the charger on a soft surface such as a bag to eliminate the fan noise.For a 2500 mAh battery, it takes the charger about an hour 15 minutes to charge and then the red light is off and it switches to trickle charge.  For good batteries like eneloop batteries and the ones that came with the charger, the voltage was about 1.25 after red light is off and they are ready to use.  I often take the batteries off 1-2 hours after the light is off, just to top off.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'A nice charger + 2500 mAh batteries in 2007',
      'unixReviewTime': 1190419200,
      'reviewTime': '09 22, 2007'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A2013JDMPUV6D9',
      'asin': 'B0000E1717',
      'reviewerName': 'Scott Pointon "Former Marine, Librarian, Wood...',
      'helpful': [88, 88],
      'reviewText': 'I have used several different brands of cd-r\'s for burning "backup" copies of music CDs and saving data files, and I have not found any that were consistently as good as these.  Other brands I have used had a higher number of faulty discs in the package - some as high as 10%!Also, don\'t be scared by the size of this pack!  100 discs might seem like overkill, but believe me once you start to use them you will find that 100 go pretty quickly!Bottom line, these Maxells are good quality at an excellent price.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'These are reliably good!',
      'unixReviewTime': 1098230400,
      'reviewTime': '10 20, 2004'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A2QAOP52OEB5EV',
      'asin': 'B00005OM4J',
      'reviewerName': 'dasn0wman "dasn0wman"',
      'helpful': [3, 9],
      'reviewText': 'This is my second MP3 player.  Frankly, I don\'t see why anyone need more than one, but I only got it because my first one which is a Samsung [wasn\'t any good]...  For one thing it was using up my batteries while the darn thing was off!  I am sure they made alot of fixes, but definitely read the reviews before you buy a Samsung MP3 player.  As for my Intel player, it\'s the best.  Very reliable.  Haven\'t had any problems with it.  Very easy to use.  Comes with nice software.  Sound is great, but I think the sound on the Samsung was better.  There are some minor things which are matters of personal taste.  The back of the player is soft and rubbery like one of those soft-grip pens.  I hate that feeling.  Personally, I like the hard, cold metallic feel of your everyday electronics.  You have to press the buttons really hard for it to work.  This is done on purpose so you won\'t accidentally hit the buttons when you put it in your pocket, although there is a button-lock.  Also, the display is not lighted and does not show the title of the song.  But the thing I found most annoying about this player is that it\'s damn ugly.  Very ugly to be exact.  I can\'t bare to look at it.  It claims you can customize the face.  I tried, but worst...just when you think it can\'t get any uglier, by putting in one of their selection of faces or your own creation, you actually made it the ugliest MP3 player known to mankind.  I\'m not even kidding.  I am a professional artist and there is nothing I can do to make it look better.  I just left the face blank.  The only reason why I am still using it is because it is very reliable and it\'s not a battery hog.  And lastly, the headphones [are terrible].  But from what I read in the reviews, all the MP3 players come with inferior headphones.  You start wondering whether they worked out some deal with the headphone manufacturers to increase profit for everyone?  With the headphones this player gives you, not only is the sound bad, but the plugs are so big that you start to experience pain after a few minutes of listening.  Could you imagine that?  You are enjoying easy-listening music and your ears start hurting?  Ironic.  But my grandmaster once said, "Don\'t worry about the pain, it will go away"  So you can heed his advice or just use better headphones.',
      'overall': 3.0,
      'summary': 'Reliable but Ugly',
      'unixReviewTime': 1036281600,
      'reviewTime': '11 3, 2002'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A3M6QI4WNREEEV',
      'asin': 'B00003006E',
      'reviewerName': 'C. Crichton',
      'helpful': [2, 2],
      'reviewText': 'I bought this for use in a dorm room, where I needed to turn one port into multiple ones (For PC, Xbox 360, etc). This switch works great. I plugged it in and it worked right away. I have recommended this product to several friends.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Great switch',
      'unixReviewTime': 1240963200,
      'reviewTime': '04 29, 2009'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A2T82PWD3T6WGA',
      'asin': 'B00004Z5L8',
      'reviewerName': 'John Reid',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'Great quality cable for the money! This item helped me complete an ethernet over coax network using moca adapters. The system is fast and reliable.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Exactly as advertised',
      'unixReviewTime': 1368403200,
      'reviewTime': '05 13, 2013'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A14L38EQHPQYZQ',
      'asin': 'B00005854B',
      'reviewerName': 'Steven A. Bell "Even Keel"',
      'helpful': [6, 6],
      'reviewText': 'Okay, in response to all other negative reviews: bunk.I have a WAP11 (and am purchasing a second for my work place), and out of the box it is a breeze to set up.  I have a house separate from my garage/office, and running a wire between the two for internet access is impossible/prohibitive.  I set up my WAP11 with my main network and was able to get a good signal with my laptop and my WPC11 (Linksys) PCMCIA card.  However, the card orientation is not the best for longer distances....Antenna orientation with these units is everything!  On the farthest reaches of my garage (100 ft from the WAP) I received no signal.  But, when I tilted my laptop on end (a bad typing position :-) ) suddenly I receive a 40% signal strength.  I began to do a little research and talked with a couple of antenna manufacturers.  The summation was that this unit is VERY extendable if you want to drop a little extra money on an antenna ...  The antennas on the WAP11 are removable and a much more powerful antenna (with pigtail) can be added.  However, I found this to be unnecessary.  I went ahead and decided to try the WUSB11 (Linksys) and see if the "proper antenna orientation" thingy really was the trouble.  Out of the box, it worked.  Throughout my house, and out to the farthest reaches of my garage and beyond!  I did find a couple of weak areas, but moving the WUSB11 (it is on a 6ft USB cable) around a bit got me the signal strength I desired.The WAP11 comes with the unit (with two removable antennas, an important feature you don\'t find described anywhere, even in the LinkSys literature), a power supply, a CD-ROM with driver and installation software (really unbelievably easy setup, and please, please turn on the WEP feature!), and an easy-install guide.As far as interference?  I have a 2.4Ghz cordless phone and have yet to notice anything (jury is still out), but so far, so good.Really a terrific unit for the price.  Just be aware that there are limitations with the out-of-the-box unit and you will be fine.  I definitely recommend this unit.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Limiting Factors',
      'unixReviewTime': 1034121600,
      'reviewTime': '10 9, 2002'},
     {'reviewerID': 'AA292EN15N5OW',
      'asin': 'B00005BC0K',
      'reviewerName': 'Raymond Bibbs',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "Cyber Acoustics CA-3001RB 3 Piece Subwoofer and Satellite Speaker System (Black).  this is a pretty nice set if you ask me and you did!!i unplugged my older set which is actually bigger and WOW, WOW, WOW!!!!  I LOVE 'EM!!!  my old bass unit had blown but this new set is better then it ever was.  thank you guys!rbceo/mdi",
      'overall': 4.0,
      'summary': 'Cyber Acoustics CA-3001RB 3 Piece Subwoofer and Satellite Speaker System (Black)',
      'unixReviewTime': 1327449600,
      'reviewTime': '01 25, 2012'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A1XWGTKBH3GGXP',
      'asin': 'B00008WIX5',
      'reviewerName': 'L. Tunon',
      'helpful': [3, 4],
      'reviewText': "Because of the low price I was hesitant to get it at first. After reading the reviews I decided to go ahead and get it. The quality is very good, it is simple to install on your tripod and turns same into a professional studio tripod. I have already used it in a studio session (I don't think outside would be where you want to use it)and wonder how I could do without it for so long.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Easy to use. Excellent quality.',
      'unixReviewTime': 1270944000,
      'reviewTime': '04 11, 2010'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A3653I99U1PFUF',
      'asin': 'B00008AWKZ',
      'reviewerName': 'jlinno',
      'helpful': [2, 2],
      'reviewText': 'I found this product to live up to expectations and works with very little user intervention.When first installed, it worked without the need to install the software provided.After a system crash and reload of Windows, I then needed to load the software and drivers provided but it came back with little or no effort.The only down item for me is the fact it is made for a left handed computer.  My USB ports are at the rear and right side of the computer and the writing and status lights are upside down an backwards!!All and all, for the price a very dependable and economic item.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Just what it says it is',
      'unixReviewTime': 1333843200,
      'reviewTime': '04 8, 2012'},
     {'reviewerID': 'ABLU7DPBHCCSF',
      'asin': 'B00009V332',
      'reviewerName': 'SeaWalnut',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "It seems that these come from a lot of factories, and there's no easy way for a buyer to tell what's good. Mine lasted just a few minutes' talk time on full charge, and were returned.",
      'overall': 1.0,
      'summary': 'Mine were duds',
      'unixReviewTime': 1354320000,
      'reviewTime': '12 1, 2012'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A23S6E7VC738LN',
      'asin': 'B0001FTVEK',
      'reviewerName': 'C. Madsen',
      'helpful': [1, 1],
      'reviewText': 'I was hesitant to buy these but saw all the good reviews, and I\'m very happy with them.  I\'ve been burned before by wireless headphones with poor quality.  These are great.  If you want perfect quality with more bass, these probably won\'t be for you.  You\'d be better off spending more or getting wired headphones.  However, these put out plenty of bass for my movies, games, and whatever I\'m listening to around the house.  The static isn\'t an issue unless you get about 70ft from the receiver and are going through walls. At that point the adjustment knob comes in handy to adjust you to a better frequency for the best reception.  They feel good on your head too.  Remember to keep the headset volume level in the middle to high range and the receiver up more to reduce any "hiss" sound.Other than looking like you\'re a DJ wannabe, they\'re not bad.  I recommend them for the quality and price.  I can now play loud wargames with these and won\'t wake up my kid or upset the wife. :)',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Great headphones',
      'unixReviewTime': 1231891200,
      'reviewTime': '01 14, 2009'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A3MIEE9NUV27HF',
      'asin': 'B000065BPB',
      'reviewerName': 'MRK',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "I did extensive research here on both Amazon ratings and consumer reports. While there are certainly higher end (with the higher price tag) headphones out there, I feel you get a lot of bang for your buck. While I would think most people would object to the bulkiness, it sort of comes with the territory if you want noise cancelling and good quality. I was amazed at how much better these sounded than the typical noise cancelling headphones I've used in the past. These are great on a plane as well. Previous pairs I've used still struggled to dampen the plane noise. these were great.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Great headphones',
      'unixReviewTime': 1388620800,
      'reviewTime': '01 2, 2014'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A3PJYSOPWFS3CU',
      'asin': 'B000196C34',
      'reviewerName': 'Carol Cashman',
      'helpful': [1, 1],
      'reviewText': "I haven't been able to get this bracket to stick to the window of my Jeep no matter what I try, and that's just in the driveway, without the GPS in it.  I can't imagine it would hold on the road, especially on rough terrain.  The suction cup is flat and wimpy.  I'd skip it and try the one that has the lock down mechanisim for your dashboard.  If I only had a dashboard, I would have picked that one myself.  I may try putting my own suction cup on it.",
      'overall': 1.0,
      'summary': "It doesn't stick to my window",
      'unixReviewTime': 1180483200,
      'reviewTime': '05 30, 2007'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A2ZCG424VQZFSP',
      'asin': 'B00022OBOM',
      'reviewerName': 'Ryan Dye',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "For the price it is hard to be too critical of these speakers.  They sound vastly better than stock Ford speakers. The bass is good but they seem a bit weak in mid-range. At times they can get a little too bright on the highs.  But, again, much improved over stock at a very good price.  I bought these for my sons car and he likes them.  They'll probably be blown up in a few months anyways the way he cranks up the tunes.",
      'overall': 4.0,
      'summary': 'Decent for the price',
      'unixReviewTime': 1388707200,
      'reviewTime': '01 3, 2014'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A3OZJZMOUFF5CO',
      'asin': 'B00007E7JU',
      'reviewerName': 'Nonya',
      'helpful': [1, 1],
      'reviewText': "Beware! The lens gets stuck on the camera (Google + Youtube). I didn't think mine would end up getting stuck, but after 2 years owning it - it finally did. I had to break it in order to be able to use my camera again.",
      'overall': 1.0,
      'summary': 'IT GETS STUCK! BE CAREFUL!! WASTE OF MONEY!!!!',
      'unixReviewTime': 1384905600,
      'reviewTime': '11 20, 2013'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A1ZJ3KU3LJ6TJO',
      'asin': 'B00009R6WO',
      'reviewerName': 'MD Boatbum',
      'helpful': [51, 53],
      'reviewText': 'First off, if you\'re a pro with a bag full of $2000 lenses, you\'re probably not interested in this, the 2nd least expensive "L" lens.Secondly, if you\'re going to compare this to a bunch of $2000 lenses, you\'re barking up the wrong tree.My guess is the typical buyer of this lens is someone who is taking their first tentative step into the world of "expensive" glass. This lens is made to order for you. It simply blows "ordinary" lenses out of the water. If you\'re used to the kit lens that came with your camera, or a 3rd party lens you got for $150, you are going to love this lens. You\'ll find yourself taking more pictures, taking time to frame your shots and basically caring about what you shoot. This is a lens that is far more talented than you are, and you\'ll strive to rise to its level.I cannot say enough good things. The sharpness ROCKS. The saturation and contrast are absolutely fantastic. The focus is instantaneous and silent, and usually dead on. And the red stripe looks really cool! :)Its heavy, and built like a tank. If you\'re looking for a lightweight, this ain\'t it. It is lighter than most other "L" lenses, however, and not too bad to carry.Drop the 700 bucks, and go out and take some serious photographs.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': "Buy this lens today. You'll thank yourself.",
      'unixReviewTime': 1167091200,
      'reviewTime': '12 26, 2006'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A2LGRV9SREPCY0',
      'asin': 'B00006RVPW',
      'reviewerName': 'Russell Kurtz "mac_guru"',
      'helpful': [1, 1],
      'reviewText': 'Easy, quick, and reliable, this is a small, automatically-adjusting Ethernet switch.  I have gigabit in, some gigabit out and some 100BaseT out.  Running the 100BaseT doesn\'t slow down the gigabit.  It automatically adjusts to the "in" and "out" ports.  When I got it, I just unpacked it, attached the cables, and plugged it in.  It worked right away, and has status LEDs to let me know which connections are gigabit and which are 100 (or 10, or 1) Mbps.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Simple Gigabit Switch',
      'unixReviewTime': 1332806400,
      'reviewTime': '03 27, 2012'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A3D42ZX96FA6EW',
      'asin': 'B00005Y6OR',
      'reviewerName': 'Risenheart Consulting',
      'helpful': [2, 2],
      'reviewText': '...purchased a pair of these to replace the 10" woofers in a pair of Ohm speakers I have.  They are now as good as new for about 1/12th the price of the speakers.  They are every bit as good as the pair that came with the speakers.  I\'d recommend these to anyone who is looking for replacement speakers or even to build their own... Great speakers for a great price!',
      'overall': 4.0,
      'summary': 'Nice...',
      'unixReviewTime': 1331078400,
      'reviewTime': '03 7, 2012'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A3DN2TUV57A911',
      'asin': 'B0001G6U5M',
      'reviewerName': 'J. Gordon "Jon Gordon"',
      'helpful': [16, 17],
      'reviewText': "This camera is insane.  Takes beautiful crisp pictures.  The auto mode will usually give you everything you could want.  But if you're a camera person, the manual mode gives you plenty of ways to alter the photos.  I immediatly got acquainted with the photo stitch program that comes with it and used it along with the camer'a panoramic mode to make some sweet surround photos.  The movie mode is pretty good.  It won't replace your camcorder, but it's great for making little movies for your computer.  I don't mind not having VGA sized videos.  They're usually way to large and I prefer having movies that are better sized for transferring.  One hand operation is easy with the shutter/zoom combo.  The AI auto focus works really well is quite impressive to watch.  I enjoyed playing with the custom sounds/pictures.  You can set your own background picture and record/upload you own camera sounds for startup, shutter, etc.  The flash is really bright and works almost too well.  The only downfall I have found is that to get the clarity that the camera can provide, you need to keep the camera very still between the focus and shutter, which isn't too long.  If I really want a crisp picture, I use a tiny little tripod to get rid of my arm motion.  It takes decent actions shot, but it's no SLR.  All in all, unless you're a professional photographer, this camera is just what you want.  I bought two 256 mb sandisk ultra cards and that was plenty.  My parents used it yesterday just during the day.  They liked it so much, they put in an order for their own.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': "and I thought Sony's took good pictures...",
      'unixReviewTime': 1090800000,
      'reviewTime': '07 26, 2004'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A1EGAYW7KQTZXQ',
      'asin': 'B000067RC1',
      'reviewerName': 'Anna Szudrowicz',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'What can I say, but I hope they never quit making these telephone cords.  They are hard to find at the store.  Super speedy smooth transaction.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Corded telephone cord',
      'unixReviewTime': 1381449600,
      'reviewTime': '10 11, 2013'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A7QMQBGJ2TCQG',
      'asin': 'B00009R8RS',
      'reviewerName': 'Paul Garland',
      'helpful': [4, 12],
      'reviewText': 'The best way to take close up pictures is with a good prime 1:1 macro lens.  Not a 1:4 but a 1:1 lens.  The problem is that good macro lens are not cheap.  The 105mm VR Nikkor is superb.Bellows, extension rings, and this reversing ring are the next best bet.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Macro Reversing Ring',
      'unixReviewTime': 1213833600,
      'reviewTime': '06 19, 2008'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A3S87ZOPB3UM9N',
      'asin': 'B00006HXF4',
      'reviewerName': 'atmj',
      'helpful': [13, 13],
      'reviewText': 'I have a Kodak DX4330 and atBest quality 3.1MP, this gives me 203 pictures,Better quality gives me 366 picturesGood quality gives me 740 picturesOther cameras due to compression and quality variations will be different.Just in case the other readers don\'t know, the MMC and SD card are the same format.  The only difference is two things.  The SD card is a little thicker (still seems to fit everywhere an MMC card does) and the SD card has an extra.  It has a little slider that allows the user to keep from accidentally deleting or changing items on a card.  This also keeps you from taking pictures on the card if you forget to switch it back.  But then most cameras or other devices should remind you of this.The SD aspect to this MMC card also allows me to ensure the safety of my untransferred pictures as well.  If I\'m passing around my camera at a family gathering, first I slide the securing switch to the "lock" position to be sure no pictures can be deleted.  Then I can be sure no one can accidentally delete my pictures.  Unless others are aware of this feature, they would find it difficult to delete them unless they knew about this.The only tough thing about doing this, is remembering to slide the switch back off before I take new pictures.  But then my Kodak camera would remind me to do this anyway, if I was not in Review.Great card, excellent value.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Great card and excellent value',
      'unixReviewTime': 1053216000,
      'reviewTime': '05 18, 2003'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A3EAK6BDLMTC4G',
      'asin': 'B00005QFYE',
      'reviewerName': 'R. Fought "supertallrich"',
      'helpful': [1, 1],
      'reviewText': 'The configuration utilities that ship with Linksys wireless products will not install/run properly on WinXP, Linksys requires you to use the WinXP Wireless Zero Configuration (WZC) service.  One feature of WZC is that once every minute it will drop the current signal in search of a better one, resulting in constant, annoying interruptions to your online play.  Thus, if you try to use Linksys wireless products for online gaming, prepare to be VERY annoyed.  Otherwise, the card seems to work fine for normal web browsing.',
      'overall': 3.0,
      'summary': 'DO NOT USE FOR ONLINE GAMING IN WinXP',
      'unixReviewTime': 1083369600,
      'reviewTime': '05 1, 2004'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A1358WVA02SPNC',
      'asin': 'B00007E7C8',
      'reviewerName': 'deberney',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "I had a pair of sony mdr-7502 that I never really liked.These headphones sound really clear with good bass and mid-range.  I use these for recording and these seem to reproduce the sound good enoughfor me to get a good mix on songs.  Very good high, low and mid range.The sound isolation is Okay, blocks out most when the music is playing.  Really nice sounding, full range headsets.  Very comfortable, light, not so snug that it's uncomfortable but feels stable on your head.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Great sound',
      'unixReviewTime': 1377648000,
      'reviewTime': '08 28, 2013'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A1BZW0WC87AP7Y',
      'asin': 'B0000D8HK1',
      'reviewerName': 'Keith Grove "Keith"',
      'helpful': [6, 10],
      'reviewText': "Which version of the DG834G is Amazon selling? there are 4 versions.The latest is the best but earlier versions cannot be upgraded through firmware as the chip sets are different.Beware of buying the earlier ones, why doesn't Amazon say which version this is. If the version is stated I have not seen it.",
      'overall': 1.0,
      'summary': 'Which version of the Netgear DG834G is this? beware.',
      'unixReviewTime': 1192492800,
      'reviewTime': '10 16, 2007'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A2QOJSWJUELCKK',
      'asin': 'B00008X5DE',
      'reviewerName': 'Amazon Customer',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'I like the switch box and only use it for audio but this is not the first one I have had. I bought my first one about a year ago and it was failing, the button that switch the audio and video still work but the board on the inside was going bad cause the sound only played through one side of the speakers.  I gave it a three star rating only because it lasted a year. The one area where I use the box failed in a year so now I had to buy another one. So far so good, have to wait and see if this one preforms. Oh and the picture of this product is very much incorrect, looks nothing like the picture, it not black, it gray and the buttons are on the front not the top and its more of a box than what they are showing in the picture.Jim',
      'overall': 3.0,
      'summary': 'Good for the price but only last about a year',
      'unixReviewTime': 1350950400,
      'reviewTime': '10 23, 2012'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A2DN7RUNX06BZ1',
      'asin': 'B0000AOWW9',
      'reviewerName': 'nychen',
      'helpful': [2, 2],
      'reviewText': "Tilt rocks, buttons okay, smooth scrolling...,The just of this review is in the title itself...I bought this mouse to replace my Logitech MX310, which was a nice mouse but just too small and not ergonomic enough. I mainly wanted to get the Microsoft mouse because of it's smooth scrolling wheel with side tilt. That is the most wonderful part of this mouse!The middle scroll button however, is very difficult to press down, you really have to exude effort to press it. I am hoping over time, the button will become looser and easier to press.The shape of the mouse, the ergonomics of it, are superb; it really does fit your hand and fingers well. The mouse also has 2 rubberized sides which help you grip and slide the mouse easily across the table or mousepad.The wireless function was incredibly easy to install following the instructions given and the CDrom. The software that comes with this mouse is also very customizable and even lets you adjust the speed of both scrolling, up/down and side2side.Another main reason I bought the Intellimouse Explorer with Tilt is because it does have 5 buttons - 2 for the thumb area. The default setting is forward/backward for browsing the internet but you can customize that. The buttons are easy to press, but the placement of the buttons would have been better if it was under the thumb instead of up and over the thumb area, making it a bit of a stretch/effort to reach and press. The front button should also be larger and moved back, then the mouse would be almost perfect!I'm quite a picky person when using the mouse because it's the most used computer hardware besides the keyboard and CPU! You have to really invest time into a mouse because your hands will need comfort for hours on end...this mouse doesn't disappoint. It's a great choice overall.If you are lucky enough to find the other colors available besides the popular grey/black mouse, go for it! I have the red and it's beautiful.",
      'overall': 4.0,
      'summary': 'Tilt rocks, buttons okay, smooth scrolling...',
      'unixReviewTime': 1117065600,
      'reviewTime': '05 26, 2005'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A3RU10O4KAN4MT',
      'asin': 'B00001P4ZR',
      'reviewerName': 'Jack',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "For the money, these are excellent. I'm not very discriminating so can't comment on fidelity; I use these for my electric piano. They cover my ears well, provide clear sound and are comfortable for extended (one hour or so) wear. Also they're cool looking....",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Great Value',
      'unixReviewTime': 1320278400,
      'reviewTime': '11 3, 2011'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A1EBVAGI72OZ6G',
      'asin': 'B0000BYDKO',
      'reviewerName': 'Fost',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'This product is fairly straight forward and easy to use. The plastic is a bit thinner then I was expecting, but still seems durable. For a quick and inexpensive way to store those long and pesky power cords, this is definitely a good choice.',
      'overall': 4.0,
      'summary': 'Simple, but plastic is a little thin',
      'unixReviewTime': 1348012800,
      'reviewTime': '09 19, 2012'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A22UAP44GIB0OQ',
      'asin': 'B00007KWRD',
      'reviewerName': 'Korey Higa',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'I bought this lens hood for a Nikon Nikkor 35-70mm F 2.8 lens.  I like the style of this lens food better than the OEM lens hood for the Nikon Nikkor 35-70mm F 2.8.  The build is great and fits the lens relatively good.  Just remember this is not the OEM lens hood so there will be a little play on the lens but the play will not affect the lens itself.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Bought for a not recommended lens',
      'unixReviewTime': 1388448000,
      'reviewTime': '12 31, 2013'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A2CG4JBROLYXXP',
      'asin': 'B0000AHO92',
      'reviewerName': 'Edward J. George',
      'helpful': [1, 1],
      'reviewText': 'I had a fax machine setup at a clients and they wanted to add an additional device on the same line.  I put this splitter in and everything just magically worked.  Its been a couple of weeks with no issues.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'easy and effective phone splitter',
      'unixReviewTime': 1344384000,
      'reviewTime': '08 8, 2012'},
     {'reviewerID': 'AKJLH6VDM5CVD',
      'asin': 'B0000A1G05',
      'reviewerName': 'J. Smith',
      'helpful': [5, 5],
      'reviewText': 'I just received my Tamron 28-75mm yesterday and fired off some test shots while walking around the house and yard.Wow is all I have to say...This is definitely going to be my walk-around lens.------I did a ton of comparison shopping between various lenses in a similar focal range -- 16-50mm, 17-70mm, but I eventually ended up picking this lens because I need the 75mm more than the wide angles.  I also compared lots of numbers at various web sites, although not on Pentax mounts.GREAT picture quality wide open and only gets sharper if you stop it down.  I\'m cursed to be a pixel peeper, but I would not hesitate to use this lens at f/2.8 at any focal distance -- it\'s just that good.  Vignetting is almost unheard of, which isn\'t surprising since it\'s a full frame lens and I\'m shooting with a Pentax K200D.Zoom feels good and snug -- I don\'t see myself using the zoom lock button any time soon.Manually focusing feels okay, but a bit of a "geary" feeling as you turn the dial, and it\'s considerably smaller grip than the zoom grip.  Still, it\'s fairly snug and doesn\'t have any play in the turn action, so it\'s decent.Build quality seems pretty good for a composite lens body.----------I have no problems recommending this to anyone that would like normal to moderate telephoto action .  Very crisp images and great color / contrast and a fast f/2.8 throughout.Only one small complaint - Shadow visible in images when zoomed out using onboard flash, even after removing the lens hood.  I guess I should stop being cheap and get a real flash :)Tamron has an excellent lens here and the price is a steal.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Great lens and great price',
      'unixReviewTime': 1212710400,
      'reviewTime': '06 6, 2008'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A34W4FPOMQQKRM',
      'asin': 'B00005AXHW',
      'reviewerName': 'Lola',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'We were in need of new binoculars for our lake home.  I looked at the reviews on these and took a chance.  NOT DISAPPOINTED at all.  They work perfect. Hubby has some vision issues and the self focus works great for him watching eagles and osprey feeding in the lake .  So happy with my purchase.  Fast delivery Amazon, thank you',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Great binoculars',
      'unixReviewTime': 1374019200,
      'reviewTime': '07 17, 2013'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A20Q8LGFAKG5KR',
      'asin': 'B0000EI9VU',
      'reviewerName': 'E. Mach',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'The camera battery arrived on time and fit my camera just fine.  It was also much less expensive than from a retail outlet.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Camera battery',
      'unixReviewTime': 1368489600,
      'reviewTime': '05 14, 2013'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A777CAX59NW2A',
      'asin': 'B00006B8BS',
      'reviewerName': 'M. Davis',
      'helpful': [12, 12],
      'reviewText': "This item appears to be the `premium' version of another item that already had Amazon reviews, mainly positive.  I chose this item in part because it put the order over the free shipping threshold.A reviewer of the other item claimed that Windows instantly recognized the device with no need to install the provided drivers.He also indicated that it might not work with older parallel devices whose drivers couldn't handle `virtual ports.'  So it was with some hesitation that I made this purchase as my device, an HP Deskjet 890C, is at least five years old.In my case, driver installation was required.  The provided instructions, though in unusually good English, indicated that the drivers for Win XP had to be downloaded from their site, were not on the provided CD.  I tried installing from CD anyway, seeming two drivers were loaded in sequence.  XP then instantly recognized my printer and it works fine.  I've not tried any other devices.",
      'overall': 4.0,
      'summary': 'So far, so good',
      'unixReviewTime': 1134259200,
      'reviewTime': '12 11, 2005'},
     {'reviewerID': 'AYRAJKPKSORP4',
      'asin': 'B00004Z5M1',
      'reviewerName': 'Joni C Medina',
      'helpful': [5, 5],
      'reviewText': 'It works great this one I recieved was generic brand but thatis fine.  I really want to thank the seller the connectionsfor the fast shipping.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'perfect cable',
      'unixReviewTime': 1091750400,
      'reviewTime': '08 6, 2004'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A316HLSXWYV1QX',
      'asin': 'B0001VWJ8Y',
      'reviewerName': 'Amazon Customer "Kris was"',
      'helpful': [3, 3],
      'reviewText': "installing these in a car I need them to be rugged as I have to snake the darn things around seats, behind protective plates, under carpets, etc. They held up to whatever pulling and dragging that had to be done without a scratch.2nd they need to really isolate ground loop noise, esp. in a noisy car like these Honda products with their pumped up ignition system. They did that well and delivered a clean music source as promised, while not breaking the bank. I will definitely consider getting these again. BTW, 12 feet was just enough to reach from a top of trunk amp. mount, to the side of trunk, down back of seat corner to floor, under carpet and up behind the dash structure with just enough left for a comfortable connect to the head unit.After using this for a while, I did notice there is a mild alternator whine but only at night with the headlights on. I was able to clear it up by putting in magnetic decouplers which you can easily find at your nearest RS. Separating the run of the interconnect from the power didn't seem to help. Ground loop noise like that is probably everywhere.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'roadworthy',
      'unixReviewTime': 1327881600,
      'reviewTime': '01 30, 2012'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A339NU1P1IUU03',
      'asin': 'B0001AOGAE',
      'reviewerName': 'Christopher T. Dahle',
      'helpful': [74, 75],
      'reviewText': 'I chose 7x35 binoculars for general field use, bird watching, and wildlife study. I had originally planned to buy the more expensive Action Extremes for their shock and water resistance. But on a recent visit to the big city, I had a chance to compare them with these, side by side and was unable to convince myself to buy the more expensive pair.After looking through both the Action and the Action Extreme, I felt that I could not obtain a sharp focus with the Extremes. Puzzled, I asked the salesman to break out a second pair, but again could not focus the Action Extremes as clearly. I was quite ready to pay extra for the shock and water resistance of the more expensive binoculars, but sharp focus and clarity of view trump the other qualities.After three weeks of use, which have included birding, an airshow, and some casual observation of the night sky, I am quite pleased with these. They are lightweight, fast and easy to focus.The only complaint I have is that while the eyepiece lens covers are easily, conveniently, and semi-permanently secured to the neck strap, the objective lens covers are not. The objective lens caps are equiped with molded slots that can be attached to the neck strap, but they work poorly, and are NOT secure. I found myself crawling around in the mud looking for the lens caps several times before deciding that they were best kept in my pocket. This is an irritating flaw in an otherwise well designed and nicely made product.',
      'overall': 4.0,
      'summary': 'Better than the more expensive ones...',
      'unixReviewTime': 1217289600,
      'reviewTime': '07 29, 2008'},
     {'reviewerID': 'AIVRNZOTO3F2P',
      'asin': 'B00007JO2V',
      'reviewerName': 'Mel',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'Performs flawlessly with the Apple TV--optical audio from the Apple TV to the DAC and then RCA from the DAC to my home stereo. The unit is powered via USB; the cable and USB power adapter are provided. The USB connector is similar to that on a printer (the squarish kind, rather than the flat mini or micro blade-like ones I am used to seeing. I found that interesting, but you probably don\'t--nor care.)You have to switch off the Dolby Digital Out on the Apple TV (by default it is set to AUTO). I mean, you have to do this with any equipment that outputs Dolby Digital --this DAC DOES NOT pass through Dolby Digital. Most equipment will give you the option of turning it off though. Only then are you in business.I tried the Fiio D3, another popular DAC which is priced at half the cost of this unit, but there was always loud crackling whenever I turned on my stereo--the kind that makes you think something is stabbing you speakers to death. The crackling only lasted 10 seconds or less (I am guessing as the digital to analog conversion gets cranking) but enough to make me question my choice of the Fiio D3. It is entirely possible I got a faulty unit, but I did not want to take a chance.This C2G DAC however, is flawless. No crackling whatsover and sound is pristine. At twice the cost of the Fiio D3, it seems to be justifying irs existence very nicely.This DAC has a volume control knob so you can even plug in a pair of headphones. Apparently you can even use it as an "external sound card" by plugging it into the USB port on a computer. There may be software limitations, but I can\'t speak to that, except to say the unit is pretty versatile.Highly recommended if you aren\'t looking for Dolby Digital pass-through and want a reliable solution.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Solid performance for the Apple TV',
      'unixReviewTime': 1343865600,
      'reviewTime': '08 2, 2012'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A26B0AFTV2KZBB',
      'asin': 'B00007IFED',
      'reviewerName': 'John',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "I have used two of these now for users who needed a second fixed IP to access our store system at different locations on different subnets.The included driver disk was necessary for Windows 7 Pro; fortunately I can't attest to their compatibility with Windows 8.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Inexpensive and hassle free',
      'unixReviewTime': 1390780800,
      'reviewTime': '01 27, 2014'},
     {'reviewerID': 'ATU0RE358H8NE',
      'asin': 'B000062VUO',
      'reviewerName': 'Jorma',
      'helpful': [1, 1],
      'reviewText': "I picked these up from our mail room, set them up at my desk over my lunch break, have been playing them about 15 minutes and already love them entirely. At twice the cost of my previous desktop speakers these are more than worth the cost.For a few years I had a pair of relatively good [recognizable name-brand] speakers at my desk. I liked them well enough but they had one major flaw which many people with small desktop speakers will easily recognize: [particularly] when you get the volume down low (so as to not distract from work, to take a phone call, prevent an upset with others in the office, etc.) they get very flat and aren't worth listening to at all; instruments, vox, everything level off and lose their distinctness. The Klipsch 2.1 sound SO much better at these lower volumes than my old speakers that I only regret the years I spent with the crappy ones on my desk.Other observations:The first thing I noticed with these was that I had to keep the bass really low! they have a little mark on the dial which corresponds the the base level for CD/DVD which is about 30% of a full dial turn. I left it just short of that when I was tuning it by ear and only turned it up when some flatter tracks came on which needed a little boost. When a hip-hop track comes on however I am inclined to dial the bass back down just a little (apparently everything above that 30% mark is meant for gaming).Then next thing which impressed me was the depth. The distinctness of notes and tones, the separateness between the highs and mids, etc. which these are capable of (at a regular listening volume, not quiet) leaves them sounding like actual speakers, not what you might expect from a PC/desktop speaker but what you would expect from Klipsch, even in this smaller package.I would recommend these for anyone wanting to improve the sound out of their PC. I would also say that for a dorm or small apartment scenario these would be a fair option. The footprint on the sub only needs about 12&#34;x10&#34; and the satellites easily flank my dual-display setup and would work equally well on a bookshelf, coffee table, on top of a dresser, etc.I would also say that anyone in the market for small speakers and who wants to get good sound for very little money these are a great option. If you don't want to pay $200 but you're willing to shell out $100 I would suggest not wasting the $100--I wish I had done that. Now I'm out $300 and only have one pair of good speakers!",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Already Love These!',
      'unixReviewTime': 1391990400,
      'reviewTime': '02 10, 2014'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A12DLJESJKM1OQ',
      'asin': 'B000087BX8',
      'reviewerName': 'Roy Chan',
      'helpful': [31, 36],
      'reviewText': "After months of research we chose the TRV27 but it had been replaced by the TRV33. We bought the TRV33 sight unseen Sears great price and return policy made the decision easier. This thing is great. It is as small as my Canon G2 and a third the size of my old Sony Hi-8. It's very easy to use, and very intuitive. While my brother can just point and shoot, it still allows me to do spot focusing and spot metering which if you've never used these features on a camera, you will now--it's that easy. Low light features are great--while the infrared feature is a little creepy, the slow-shutter feature lets you take cool MTV-style videos in low light with great color quality.GOOD: features, compact size, outdoor image quality, ease of use. Little flip-cover is cool too.BAD: lack of windscreen, LCD is very difficult to see in bright light, and the software isn't great. I didn't bother with the still photo feature, same reason why I don't make movies with my G2. Overall, this is a terrific camera and a good value, esp, if the price drops below $650 or so. Only caveat: the wind noise is really awful when filming outdoors. I have to go find a microphone to attach now.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Terrific, easy to use, but needs windscreen!',
      'unixReviewTime': 1052006400,
      'reviewTime': '05 4, 2003'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A160QFTFJ2ACLT',
      'asin': 'B00005MEP4',
      'reviewerName': 'Joseph W. Alves "Joseph Alves"',
      'helpful': [14, 14],
      'reviewText': 'the ball bearing tightens into place against a small piece of aluminum about as thick as a soda can. needless to say the first time i tried to adjust it, it broke. its truly a piece of junk. dont buy it.',
      'overall': 1.0,
      'summary': 'this product is junk',
      'unixReviewTime': 1191628800,
      'reviewTime': '10 6, 2007'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A40JUONF1PO8',
      'asin': 'B00006IRR8',
      'reviewerName': 'Vladimir Tankhimovich',
      'helpful': [1, 1],
      'reviewText': 'I expected trouble with 5 mouse buttons, but this tiny switch works like a charm.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'MS Trackball Explorer Compatible',
      'unixReviewTime': 1135814400,
      'reviewTime': '12 29, 2005'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A1NJHKPHD4YWZV',
      'asin': 'B00004VX15',
      'reviewerName': 'Brian',
      'helpful': [2, 3],
      'reviewText': "If you have a -CX based eTrex model (legend of vista), the back cover plate will not accommodate the microSD card.  So instead of this, I'd recommend getting a RAM mount:RAM Mounting Systems Handlebar Mount for Garmin eTrex Venture C, Legend C, Vista C, Venture CX, Legend CX, Vista CXor do it yourself and build your own mount, see instructables.com",
      'overall': 1.0,
      'summary': 'For -CX models, get RAM Mount instead',
      'unixReviewTime': 1224288000,
      'reviewTime': '10 18, 2008'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A2EGVV7O4CEOIT',
      'asin': 'B00001W0DH',
      'reviewerName': 'Max Hughes',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'I bought a pair at a box store at least 7 years ago. I think there great. I live in an apartment now and I use them a lot more than I did when I had my own place.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': "Seven years old, I wouldn't sell mine for $120.00",
      'unixReviewTime': 1379116800,
      'reviewTime': '09 14, 2013'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A2ZN8PYMAJGN24',
      'asin': 'B00004ZC8Y',
      'reviewerName': "Ocean's 15",
      'helpful': [2, 2],
      'reviewText': 'I bought both &#8211; Tiffen ($24.95)  and B+W ($149) polarizers for my Canon 24-105mm f/4L and 70-200mm f/4L on 5D Mark III.SO FAR NO DIFFERENCE IN POLARIZATION PERFORMANCE, PICTURE QUALITY OR SHARPNESS!!!The only difference between the two filters is the smooth buttery rotation on  B+W.That&#8217;s all.  Is it worth extra $124? I don&#8217;t think so. I think I wasted $124.I am keeping both, but I will have to now rate B+W XS-Pro Kaesemann CP.Having Tiffen for $24.95 makes BW&#8217;s price to  performance ratio 1 star &#8211; 1 for smooth rotation.The rest is the same &#8211; I can&#8217;t see the difference between Tiffen and BW shots (blown up to actual pixels size on HP ZR2440w).If I didn&#8217;t have Tiffen at all I would have rated B+W 5 stars..It may change -  all I did was just a 100 test shots on a sunny day on the beach.I don&#8217;t think  I&#8217;ll be using polarizers in any other setting anytime soon.So if you are debating this Tiffen v.s. B+W &#8211; don&#8217;t.  Just buy it!',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Tiffen is excellent vs. B+W XS-Pro Kaesemann CP',
      'unixReviewTime': 1394323200,
      'reviewTime': '03 9, 2014'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A1IXJK1NYTSMJU',
      'asin': 'B00006JPDF',
      'reviewerName': 'Ed Osworth "The Joy Professor"',
      'helpful': [18, 19],
      'reviewText': 'I got these for rear speakers in a 5.1 setup and really wasn\'t expecting much. At first the sound seemed "distant" but I knew why - the magnets on these things are HUGE so they need break in. Large magnets are very rare in speakers today - it is usually a sign of quality.I ran them for a few days at about 50 watts power of various music  while at work and gave a second listen. They literally blew my socks off. You MUST break these in folks. These speakers are very accurate in their usable range - so accurate I was hearing new instumets in old familiar music!My main speakers are 6 times the size - way more expensive, much prettier and more prestige and have more "sizzle" - the high end sings more - but I realized that they were WAY less accurate than these little puppies. These have more "Steak" and less "Sizzle".As a bonus these are the easiest and cheapest speakers to mount on a wall or in a corner that you will find anywhere with 3 keyhole mounts on the back. PERFECT for 5.1 and 7.1 setups. Got nails or screws? You can mount these in minutes.I turned off my mains and left on my subwoofer - and am constantly amazed at these tiny powerhouses. So amazed that I just ordered a pair of  BIC DV62si bookshelves and a  BIC v80 subwoofer. These  folks at BIC obviously listen to what they sell and care about musical accuracy if their cheapest speakers sound like this!45 years of listening tell me that you can\'t go wrong with these....',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'WAY bettter than ANY $50 set of speakers should be',
      'unixReviewTime': 1297036800,
      'reviewTime': '02 7, 2011'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A2X53C4U24P244',
      'asin': 'B00008AWKZ',
      'reviewerName': 'PL',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "I use ti Daily, I didn't have to open my PCJust Plug, Install software and use - very simple",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Great Product',
      'unixReviewTime': 1361577600,
      'reviewTime': '02 23, 2013'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A2QU97Q6TUSN6D',
      'asin': 'B000069DOV',
      'reviewerName': 'J. Smith "ProPhoto"',
      'helpful': [36, 39],
      'reviewText': "Before I got this radio, I had a similar model from Radio Shack. That was an expensive piece of junk --- it wouldn't receive even when I was right next to a transmission. I wrote to Radio Shack with a complaint, and they never replied. This Cobra is one fine unit. Even with the inside antenna it performed very well and even better with the magnetic mount external. I was recently on a long road trip and I was able to avoid a lengthy traffic jam due to hearing about it in plenty of time. The only negative is the nine-battery configuration --- that's an odd number to buy. A good investment for any road traveler.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'This radio WORKS!!!',
      'unixReviewTime': 1141948800,
      'reviewTime': '03 10, 2006'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A20DHT8BPBOCP8',
      'asin': 'B00006I5FQ',
      'reviewerName': 'RAB "rab10"',
      'helpful': [2, 2],
      'reviewText': 'I have three of these now and really appreciate the usefullness. The purple color is actully helpful, since it stands out on my desk. While a larger drive is good if you have big files. I use this one for PDF files and the capacity is fine.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Great drive',
      'unixReviewTime': 1136419200,
      'reviewTime': '01 5, 2006'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A1GWQIOSUI37T4',
      'asin': 'B0000DYTDJ',
      'reviewerName': 'Marco De Vivo "Mr. TCP/IP"',
      'helpful': [16, 18],
      'reviewText': "If you want to use a good external microphone (USUALLY STEREO) or record from external source using the micro jack as LINE IN, and don't want the automatic SHQ setting, just use a 3.5 stereo to mono adapter (both channels are merged) and VOILA, a lot of selectable good quality (HQ or SP) recording time.About the recorder. . . sorry for my other ones (SONY) but ever since I got the DM-20, only use it. The difference (quality of recordings) is awesome. Bye Sony, welcome Olympus.Ahhh. . .  and as a Macintosh user... bye Sony, welcome Olympus (again). Tired and frustrated of trying unsuccessfuly to use Digital Voice Editor via Virtual PC. Thanks Olympus on behalf the rest of Us.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'LINE IN recording issue, and  Bye Bye Sony',
      'unixReviewTime': 1109635200,
      'reviewTime': '03 1, 2005'},
     {'reviewerID': 'ATI4GZAY97L2R',
      'asin': 'B00020S7XK',
      'reviewerName': 'Donald A. Shinn',
      'helpful': [1, 1],
      'reviewText': "We've had a fair number of power outages here lately so I got this as a radio for emergency use. It uses AA batteries instead of the nine volt batteries the old radios used to use which makes it cheaper to use. The tuner is pretty accurate and reception is okay. I wanted a radio with a speaker so everyone in the room could hear the radio and this does the job nicely. It's a pretty neat throwback to how radios were in my youth.",
      'overall': 4.0,
      'summary': 'Good old school transistor type radio',
      'unixReviewTime': 1361923200,
      'reviewTime': '02 27, 2013'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A2IDM8ORLB0349',
      'asin': 'B000067O5G',
      'reviewerName': 'Amazoner "Kindle Krazy 1"',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "This filter has given me a feeling of ease in knowing that no more prying eyes can see what I'm doing on my computer.  It's not a question of whether I'm doing something that I SHOULDN'T be doing, it's just that it's MY computer and only MY eyes are viewing it.",
      'overall': 4.0,
      'summary': 'No More Prying Eyes',
      'unixReviewTime': 1403395200,
      'reviewTime': '06 22, 2014'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A1SUN65J7966C6',
      'asin': 'B00006B82A',
      'reviewerName': 'L. Bryan',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'Works as indicated and expected. Great price! It does have a short cord but the description indicated that and we bought it knowing that we would have less cumbersome cords when not needed.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Works as expected',
      'unixReviewTime': 1387152000,
      'reviewTime': '12 16, 2013'},
     {'reviewerID': 'ABM7Q9ZSLG5XO',
      'asin': 'B00006JN3G',
      'reviewerName': 'Mountmonty',
      'helpful': [7, 7],
      'reviewText': 'I purchased this along with some other things so that I could get free super-saver shipping. It effectively cost me ~$3! For that price or for the $8 it is absolutely worth every penny. This pen stays in my camera bag along with my D50 and does it all. It cleans my filters, my lenses, my viewfinder, and my LCD. Definitely a great purchase. Includes both a brush and a swab/sponge to take care of any foreign objects on your photographic equipment. I would definitely buy another! =)EDIT December 2007:I\'ve now had this cleaner for almost 8 months and it\'s still holding strong!  The brush has been very useful to rid my lenses, filters, and even my camera of dust and other things. And the swab/sponge does a FANTASTIC job of getting rid of finger prints, smudges, and just about everything else on your lens and filters. It also works great in a pinch to clean up your in camera LCD screen from those pesky nose-prints and smudges!The only complaints I have are the following:-The swab/sponge sometimes leaves little black pieces of itself on the lenses if you use it really hard to clean something off. BUT, these are a cinch to get rid of with the brush at the other end, so it\'s not really to big of an issue.-One problem in extreme conditions: Salty Sea Spray takes quite a bit to get off. It takes about three passes with the swab/sponge to get it all off; including breathing on my filter to get some moisture on it to help clean and also "refresh" the swab/sponge by "cleaning"/"recharging" it in  it\'s own cap which has a little foam in it to clean the swab/sponge.Generally I\'d DEFINITELY still recommend this product to ANYONE who needs to keep their equipment clean. Absolutely worth every penny; it keeps my pictures clean and spot free!',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Great Price for a Great Product',
      'unixReviewTime': 1175472000,
      'reviewTime': '04 2, 2007'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A3T5BOVNI6MZ8W',
      'asin': 'B00006HYPV',
      'reviewerName': 'J. Patel',
      'helpful': [1, 2],
      'reviewText': 'Like this product for several reasons:- Lightweight.  I carry it to work every day and while traveling.- Compact.  Easy to carry whether on travel or not.- Great swivel feature.  Great when sharing the screen with the person next to you.- Good for ergonomics.  Without it, I find myself shifting my hands to an awkward position or I end up shifting the laptop.  Now I just nudge it left or right.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Works Great, Easy to Carry',
      'unixReviewTime': 1177027200,
      'reviewTime': '04 20, 2007'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A3SIOVLTPUSSXK',
      'asin': 'B0000DJEK7',
      'reviewerName': 'Wallace E. Olson',
      'helpful': [6, 7],
      'reviewText': 'My wife calls me the computer Guru. So in looking for a GPS system that a non computer person could use, and would use, because of the heafty investment, I choose the Magellen 700. My wife has installed it, programed it, and used it without my help. She has renewed confidence in going to new locations and exploring our surronding areas. I love the accuracy, and they way it keeps re-routing when we go off route.',
      'overall': 4.0,
      'summary': 'Anyone can program and use it!',
      'unixReviewTime': 1122249600,
      'reviewTime': '07 25, 2005'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A2OTTJPRXT3TR6',
      'asin': 'B0000BZL1P',
      'reviewerName': 'Yechwando',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "The filter arrived in 2 days as promised by Amazon, intact and undamaged, but the plastic box was cracked/compressed in the corner as the filter was shipped in a wimpy envelope. Not happy.About the filter. The filter is beautifully constructed.  It is definitely heavier than the similar (58mm) hoya HMC and also an old Tiffen I have lying around.  The reflections on the front surface are very close or identical to the Hoya, and significantly superior to the Tiffen.  The threads are smotth and the filter went on the front of the lens very smoothly.  Better than the way the Hoya does.  I can't tell any visible differences in regular photos with or without the filter. That's good.Now the bad. The filter arrived dirty, with spots and a film on it, perhaps some sort of oil.  It certainly needed a good cleaning before installation and that's unacceptable, and therefore the loss of a star.  All my Hoyas have been clean from the factory.  The reason I purchased the German filter was because I wanted a German filter in front of my Zeiss 50mm planar f1.4, that's all.  Although it is better built than the Hoya, I can't tell any differences, and will perhaps stay with Hoyas in the future.  However, Hoyas do tend to scratch, and if this filter holds up long term, I will certainly pay a bit more for them.",
      'overall': 4.0,
      'summary': 'Great filter with superb coating.',
      'unixReviewTime': 1379462400,
      'reviewTime': '09 18, 2013'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A2K3VNO28J98KR',
      'asin': 'B00001WRSJ',
      'reviewerName': 'Amazon Customer "Books &#62; Food."',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "I'm taking a digital music course this semester, and so the class requires a pair of high-quality headphones in lieu of a textbook. Being a perpetually poor audiophile who then had an excuse to buy nice headphones on somebody else's dime, I settled down to research. After hours and hours of looking and reading ratings and trying on different styles in the stores, I finally settled on the Sony MDR-V6, having been warned away from the newer Sony model that was supposed to replace them. Obviously the ear cups haven't died yet, but I know they will in a few years, and I don't mind at all.I just got them in earlier this afternoon, and I haven't taken them off since without it being absolutely necessary. I've been listening to music for hours now. The biggest fear I had with buying new headphones was that they wouldn't be able to reproduce both sharp highs and smooth lows with clarity and without sibilance. After about an hour of listening to Emilie Autumn's electric violin, which has both in abundance, I have to say that my fears were laid to rest. I then moved on to the rest of my music library, and so far - with only a few hours of breaking-in - it all sounds amazing. Metal, rock, classical, reggaeton, electric, jazz, trance, everything. There's a touch of bass that I can't usually hear, and I'm not sure if that's enhancement from the phones or just because I can actually hear better now, but I like it.All in all, one of the best not-a-textbooks I've ever bought, and I see myself loving these way after this class is over.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Better than a textbook, for sure!',
      'unixReviewTime': 1265328000,
      'reviewTime': '02 5, 2010'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A15QTXYHD1WSV0',
      'asin': 'B00022OBO2',
      'reviewerName': 'dominic',
      'helpful': [1, 1],
      'reviewText': "I replaced my front door speakers in a mistubishi eclipse and installation was fairly simple.  I did need to strip the wires to get them to attach to the wiring of the original factory installed speakers.  Speakers sound great.  They come with a covering but for most people you'll never need it. The holes around the unit may not match up to the holes in your car in attaching screws - so you'll need to get creative.  The clamps are key. As long as you can screw the clamps in they'll keep the unit in place. My original speakers had a magnet holding them in place - for these you'll need to make sure the clamps are in tight and they should hold.I think the quality of speakers is great for the price.  The only tricky part for anyone will be the install.",
      'overall': 4.0,
      'summary': 'good speakers but could be challenging to install',
      'unixReviewTime': 1357430400,
      'reviewTime': '01 6, 2013'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A1PM596MLPJ1IA',
      'asin': 'B0001FV364',
      'reviewerName': 'Zaki A. Z. Alshaker "zaki67"',
      'helpful': [6, 7],
      'reviewText': 'The only major and I think stubid drawback of this stick is that the cap does not fit securly,it is bound to be lost.I think from a company like this more attention should have been given specially that it comes with 2 different caps and non of them stays attached to the device.',
      'overall': 3.0,
      'summary': 'Cap does not stay',
      'unixReviewTime': 1099612800,
      'reviewTime': '11 5, 2004'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A38UKFBS0Y3KZY',
      'asin': 'B00000JXV3',
      'reviewerName': 'Raymond J. Day',
      'helpful': [2, 3],
      'reviewText': "I got this JVC video tape player a long time ago and guess I paid about $100 for it back then. It's the only VCR we have now that still works and don't eat up VHS tapes. I got it because of the S/Video and I can play are old VHS tapes with S/Video to a DVD recorder S/Video input to save are old VHS tapes to DVD. With the way are other VCR's are not working and messing up VHS tapes it is very good to get them saved to DVD and this is about the best way using S/Video.-Raymond Day",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Good player to save videos to DVD.',
      'unixReviewTime': 1146096000,
      'reviewTime': '04 27, 2006'},
     {'reviewerID': 'AK0LROBYHWC21',
      'asin': 'B0000CD08M',
      'reviewerName': 'David',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "I bought a 512mb Ultra II and tested it against my Lexar 12X and a Viking 256mb (no X rating, but similar to the Lexar).  In my Canon 10D the Ultra II was only 10% faster, and that was as good as it got.  Rob Galbraith's test showed it to be 30% faster (I did the same test he did).I tested it in a SanDisk USB 2.0 reader hooked up to my desktop (Windows XP, Athlon 2800) and in a Delkin CardBus 32 PCMCIA Adapter (which is 5X faster than my old PCMCIA adapter - buy this!)in my laptop.  The Lexar 12X was 17% faster at its worst, and 56% faster at its best!  So is this the same card Rob tested, or are they putting Ultra II stickers on 12X cards?I called SanDisk tech support.  They were very nice and exchanged my card for a new one.  But the new one tested the same.",
      'overall': 3.0,
      'summary': 'Ultra II is NOT faster than Lexar 12X',
      'unixReviewTime': 1090972800,
      'reviewTime': '07 28, 2004'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A23YNR9MIN4EX2',
      'asin': 'B00007KDVI',
      'reviewerName': 'Richard B. Belzer "regcheck"',
      'helpful': [3, 15],
      'reviewText': "To get Linksys' previous 802.11b model (BEFR11S4) to work, I had to buy their WSB24 range extender. My mistake; I should have just returned it to the seller and bought a competitor's product. I put up with irritating interruptions, mostly at night, for 8 months. Also my mistake. But last week the router died. Linksys has offered me a replacement BEFR11S4, which of course is now so obsolete they are giving these things away. To get the replacement I have to jump through a half-dozen silly hoops and wait weeks for delivery. That's their mistake. I bought a D-Link Extreme G and both range and reliability are excellent-- no interrupts. The best advice I can give is to distrust Linksys claims and put no stock in its warranty. I've also had problems with Linksys' laptop card (but not Microsoft's). I've learned my lesson and stay away from Linksys now.",
      'overall': 1.0,
      'summary': "Linksys' 802.11b router was unreliable",
      'unixReviewTime': 1079481600,
      'reviewTime': '03 17, 2004'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A3AXXUSU4KJQ6R',
      'asin': 'B00006HVLW',
      'reviewerName': 'Mark (.',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "If you don't have a lot of time to uncurl and straighten this concealer look elsewhere.  I read all of the reviews and now believe the ones saying it was difficult to uncurl.  I had the middle of the strip flat in no time by reversing the roll for an hour, but the ends still are not flat.  I will be cutting off the ends to get the results I need.  I do not have the ability to boil this strip here in the office as one reviewer suggested.  I have used other brands that are heavier plastic, but easier to uncurl and get to lie flat.",
      'overall': 3.0,
      'summary': 'Very Difficult to work with.',
      'unixReviewTime': 1396224000,
      'reviewTime': '03 31, 2014'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A1MDOZRTZ47GUB',
      'asin': 'B0000AI0N1',
      'reviewerName': 'PINEAPPLE AMERICA',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'FOR THE PRICE I CANT EXPECT MORE. THERES NOT MUCH A PERSON CAN SAY ABOUT AN MULTI-PLUG  OUTLET. I LIKE THE NON-SWITCHED OUTLET.',
      'overall': 3.0,
      'summary': 'WORKS OK',
      'unixReviewTime': 1402531200,
      'reviewTime': '06 12, 2014'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A1XXS0OSY2JLHW',
      'asin': 'B000067RBT',
      'reviewerName': 'Joyfulsinger',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'It serves the purpose for which I purchased it and it comes at a good price.  I shall purchase more in the future.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'I recommend them.',
      'unixReviewTime': 1386115200,
      'reviewTime': '12 4, 2013'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A1XISLQOHN41MN',
      'asin': 'B00001P4ZH',
      'reviewerName': 'scorchedearth',
      'helpful': [1, 1],
      'reviewText': 'I have been using these for about a month now. I have done some traveling, working out, and simple listening at work with the Porta Pros and I love them so far. The bass is great, the sound quality is wonderful for a tiny portable set of headphones, and they are comfortable on my ears.I would definitely buy another pair.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Excellent headphones',
      'unixReviewTime': 1273104000,
      'reviewTime': '05 6, 2010'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A21YS2PSI5APWP',
      'asin': 'B00009N6VQ',
      'reviewerName': 'DLBise "DLB"',
      'helpful': [1, 1],
      'reviewText': "Sounds like it a good thing I read these reviews. No longer supported. Won't work with Vista, which probably means it does work with other new windows versions. So it becomes just another voice recorder.",
      'overall': 3.0,
      'summary': 'Times have changed',
      'unixReviewTime': 1381363200,
      'reviewTime': '10 10, 2013'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A20XXTXWF2TCPY',
      'asin': '0972683275',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'This is a great buy, compared to a $60 or more a retail store.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Excelant mount for Tv. Would buy more if I needed them.',
      'unixReviewTime': 1405123200,
      'reviewTime': '07 12, 2014'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A2WL4FEGN510I7',
      'asin': 'B00004RIUJ',
      'reviewerName': 'Rob',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "It's just great.  It's waterproof, good design and shock resistant.  My only comments are that it should have a belt clip.  That would be nice.  I like how it has room for other stuff.  I keep my Grafiti reference card in the pocket so that I can reference when needed.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Excelent',
      'unixReviewTime': 992995200,
      'reviewTime': '06 20, 2001'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A19ML2MTCIJMY',
      'asin': 'B00004WCGF',
      'reviewerName': 'wiss22 "wiss22"',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "I haven't travelled with it yet, but so far I really like it. The waist option, versus the shoulder strap, is neat. I didn't realize it had that until I was packing it up. Of course, I'd love something a little slimmer and more lightweight, but that just isn't practical when you're looking for the convenience of a carry-all, with the reassurance of protecting your investment.",
      'overall': 4.0,
      'summary': 'So far, so good.',
      'unixReviewTime': 1401148800,
      'reviewTime': '05 27, 2014'},
     {'reviewerID': 'AZ1ESO3H69NGR',
      'asin': 'B0001BVXI6',
      'reviewerName': 'Payerman54',
      'helpful': [4, 5],
      'reviewText': 'This item worked as advertised for the first 2 days and then died while in use.  Efforts to revive it were futile. Returning it to Amazon. Considering the sucess I have had with other IOgear products this one is quite a surprise.  Puchased a different brand that is powered- that one is fine.  Not sure if the "powered" feature is significant or not but after reading alot of reviews of all KVM switches the self-powered ones seem to encounter more problems. Avoid this one.',
      'overall': 1.0,
      'summary': 'Problem Child w/Premature Death',
      'unixReviewTime': 1165881600,
      'reviewTime': '12 12, 2006'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A1V5EOZSGVMEW9',
      'asin': 'B00006JQ5Y',
      'reviewerName': 'chris',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'I purchased this cd changer and was disappointed in the speed of changing the  discs and loading the discs. The sound quality is ok, not great.',
      'overall': 4.0,
      'summary': 'Works nice, loud while changing and slow to load',
      'unixReviewTime': 1393286400,
      'reviewTime': '02 25, 2014'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A32RONQK68LA6K',
      'asin': 'B00006B7DA',
      'reviewerName': 'Arlo Leach',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "I bought this to connect several mobile devices to my MacBook Pro for app development. It's a nice little unit, compact and attractive. It can connect all my devices to my computer without the power adapter, so it can serve as a portable travel hub. It can also charge all my devices with the power adapter and without a computer connection, so it can serve as a standalone charger for multiple devices. But oddly, when I'm using both the power adapter and a computer connection, it can't charge an iPad 3, even from the high-power port. It can charge an iPhone 5, a Google Nexus 10 and a smaller Android tablet while connected to the computer, but the iPad will only charge with the computer disconnected or sleeping. This was mentioned in the manual, so it's a known issue ... too bad they couldn't make that final piece work.",
      'overall': 4.0,
      'summary': 'Versatile but with charging limitations',
      'unixReviewTime': 1395360000,
      'reviewTime': '03 21, 2014'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A1VQ61UT9WKCV2',
      'asin': 'B0001AP8CE',
      'reviewerName': 'Thomas A. Catalano',
      'helpful': [1, 4],
      'reviewText': "They look great, but won't stay in your ears.  They are okay at first, but then the small amount of jingling caused by walking (forget running) knocks them out of place within five minutes.  If they are not deep in your ear canal they sound tinny.  One way to keep them in your ear is to loop the wires over the top of the ear and down the back, which isolates the movement of the wire.  Needless to say, this looks pretty lame.  I suspect that the high raters don't walk when they have them in or have unique ear anatomy. The ear buds that came with the ipod are much better.  (If you lose the foam pads, get new ones at Radio Shack)",
      'overall': 1.0,
      'summary': 'Terrible - Apple prefers form over function',
      'unixReviewTime': 1095897600,
      'reviewTime': '09 23, 2004'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A3W53CSBPWUY40',
      'asin': 'B000087HWM',
      'reviewerName': 'Elizabeth V. Brennan',
      'helpful': [4, 7],
      'reviewText': "I bought this camera for the Wow Factor - yes it does fit snugly into a can of Altoids. The camera is def in it's own class and nothing out their compares to it (in my opinion). The camera has all of the full size camera features packed in a little box.Although this camera is technically fab - it just wasn't for me.  Here are some of the drawbacks to this little guy:-The camera is easily losable because it's so small.-It's so small it's difficult to see the picture on the little LCD screen; to me that is the purpose of getting a digital camera, so that you can see the picture you took; and if it's not good enough-take the picture again!  With the LCD screen it's hard to tell the quality of what you really captured.-The camera doesn't feel right in the hands; it fumbles around my hands several times because it's so small.-Battery life is not that impressive.-The camera is slow to 'reload' for the next shot.Unless you really need a &quot;small&quot; camera, which by the way is still too bulky to put in your jeans pocket -- I'd go for the regular size camera.  This camera had nothing on my Kodak digital camera (sorry).Mine was returned back to the store before 30 days for a full refund - it just wasn't for me.Good Luck.",
      'overall': 4.0,
      'summary': 'Pentax Optio S Was Just Not for Me.',
      'unixReviewTime': 1077321600,
      'reviewTime': '02 21, 2004'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A2RDTO2JOXVYKE',
      'asin': 'B00009R9EO',
      'reviewerName': 'James W. Parker',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'For a UV filter, Hoya glass is always clear, threads well. Not the most expensive, but good protection for those expensive lenses.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Consistent quality',
      'unixReviewTime': 1390348800,
      'reviewTime': '01 22, 2014'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A1S00NUU2QAJ16',
      'asin': 'B00005T3EM',
      'reviewerName': 'Texjoeb',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'Great product along with a great price.  used this to setup my new TV and sound system, and the color coding came in handy',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'great',
      'unixReviewTime': 1355875200,
      'reviewTime': '12 19, 2012'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A37ZBT4TNPHLA0',
      'asin': 'B0001GMIOE',
      'reviewerName': 'Mario S. Jimenez Jr.',
      'helpful': [30, 32],
      'reviewText': "This battery will give you about 500-1000 shots before going dead. Even if you use the flash often, it won't die easily!! You can always count on this battery, no matter how you use it. Highly Recommended for any level photographer!!(...)",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Simply Put,',
      'unixReviewTime': 1101081600,
      'reviewTime': '11 22, 2004'},
     {'reviewerID': 'AHO6D2H0W140S',
      'asin': 'B00005T3XH',
      'reviewerName': 'Richard Sullivan',
      'helpful': [5, 7],
      'reviewText': "I've bought 5 appliances this year that have worked a week or less, or not at all: a Conair AND a Wahl hair trimmer, a Teac CD changer [from Amazon], and a Sony camcorder. What is happening with quality control any more?From Amazon I purchased this turnatable which worked for a week. Then, everytime the needle touched down on the record, it instantly lifted back up and returned to its resting hook, then turned off.Its tough enough reaching a decision to buy a certain model or product, but to have to go thru the hassle of returning it has me soured on buying. I'll make my TV, my computer and my monitor do, even though I'd like, and I have the money, to replace them, because I'm fed up with lousy workmanship and repacking stuff for returns.",
      'overall': 2.0,
      'summary': 'Lousy Quality Control at Sony and Elsewhere',
      'unixReviewTime': 1124582400,
      'reviewTime': '08 21, 2005'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A1D3X5TOQV6FQ7',
      'asin': '1400532655',
      'reviewerName': 'marofromcuse',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "I bought this item for my wife for Christmas. I didn't know what to expect since this wasn't what she actually wanted. But I knew what she needed as she is a book worm and has magazines n books strayed everywhere. She also has no intent on getting rid of them no time soon. Needless to say it had to grow on her (she wasn't too thrilled at first). Now that thing is everywhere and I don't haveto live with magazines everywhere taking up space.  Afterward I bought an hd+. We've been more than happy with our decision.",
      'overall': 4.0,
      'summary': 'High stakes bet.',
      'unixReviewTime': 1365033600,
      'reviewTime': '04 4, 2013'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A1RYYQQRBHQ2Z2',
      'asin': 'B0000DIESU',
      'reviewerName': 'Pork',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'I bought the &#34;Home Theater&#34; option since that was what I was going to use it for. It did not work as advertised.I was trying to split the subwoofer for my computer speakers to be the subwoofer for both my computer and my home theater system, but to do this, I needed two 3.5mm inputs on the back of the sub -- the reason why I made this purchase. This cable worked fine if you only had one thing plugged into it, but once I plugged the 2-RCA-to-1-3.5mm cable from my home theater system into it, the loudness dropped drastically, quality was reduced, and there was a buzz.Maybe this would work better for someone not trying to do what I am, but either way, I was disappointed.',
      'overall': 2.0,
      'summary': 'Did not work',
      'unixReviewTime': 1397606400,
      'reviewTime': '04 16, 2014'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A2VI8QAMJ2RXEQ',
      'asin': 'B00023JE02',
      'reviewerName': 'Run',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "Works like it should and they claim! Nicely made and very moldable, perfect for flash gobo's etc...Right for the price.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'It is what it is!',
      'unixReviewTime': 1363392000,
      'reviewTime': '03 16, 2013'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A3O7HS0GYRLXB2',
      'asin': 'B00009WO51',
      'reviewerName': 'Zeeshan',
      'helpful': [18, 19],
      'reviewText': "These CDs look very nice and they play fine too as long as you burn them at a lower speed. Well, what speed? That is what you have to figure out the hard way. And you would think that Verbatim will mention the burn speed on the packaging, but they don't. I wasted a couple of CDs to realize that if I burn them at 12X on my ATT burner then it is no good (first couple of songs are bad and then it plays fine after that). Then I burned them at 4x and it plays just fine in the three different CD players that I have. I think that it will be fine too if I burn them at 8x but I have not tried that yet. You would have figure out yourself what is the ideal burn x on your system.I do not care if I have to burn these CDs at a lower rate (because I let it burn while I do other things), but I am giving it 4 stars because Verbatim should have mentioned it on the pacakage what should be the ideal burn rate. Otherwise these are very nice looking CDs.",
      'overall': 4.0,
      'summary': 'Nice looking CDs',
      'unixReviewTime': 1126569600,
      'reviewTime': '09 13, 2005'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A2OHU7D2MOBR3T',
      'asin': 'B00006JPWW',
      'reviewerName': 'M. Signoretto',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "I tried on my camcorder and it didn't work.  I gave a 3 star rating because it may not be the tapes and it could be the camcorder.",
      'overall': 3.0,
      'summary': 'Cleaner',
      'unixReviewTime': 1363564800,
      'reviewTime': '03 18, 2013'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A3QJX63UDE76OA',
      'asin': 'B00005NOKT',
      'reviewerName': 'Vincent Cheng',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "I purchased this for my brother in law.  Setup was good and the quality of the card seem to be on par with the rest of them.  The signal strength isn't as good as my Linksys.  It had trouble getting through some thick walls, but it's an old house.  I've never been a netgear fan, but the price of this after rebates was a good deal at the time.  Overall I was impressed. I'd buy Netgear again.",
      'overall': 4.0,
      'summary': 'Good unit.',
      'unixReviewTime': 1066953600,
      'reviewTime': '10 24, 2003'},
     {'reviewerID': 'AU7O296O6PXZM',
      'asin': 'B00003G1RJ',
      'reviewerName': 'ideas',
      'helpful': [1, 1],
      'reviewText': 'What is there to say?  Great card for increasing your storage capacity.  No problems whatsoever.  The only question is, as cheap as these cards are getting, why not go ahead and spring for the 64 or 128 card?',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Great card',
      'unixReviewTime': 997056000,
      'reviewTime': '08 6, 2001'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A2Z1TERAR5IOUS',
      'asin': 'B00006I5I2',
      'reviewerName': 'slant6guy "slant6guy"',
      'helpful': [12, 13],
      'reviewText': "This little 50mm f1.7 lens is very good for the price it's sold at. Granted, you get what you pay for, but what you get is a very fast lens w/ good bokeh. The built-in hood is a joke and there's no f-scale, but a good shootist can still get very memorable photos with this lens. If these items are a nuisance, then go get a good B&W metal hood and one of their excellent slim line UV haze filters and learn to judge distance. It's a good portrait lens on the 7D. BTW, to those who don't know, this lens is an auto-focus lens, hence MAXXUM. Maxxum means auto-focus. Getting this lens won't disappoint you.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Super Lens at a Super Price',
      'unixReviewTime': 1206662400,
      'reviewTime': '03 28, 2008'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A1DJ8CW4APUV5I',
      'asin': 'B00005LVWB',
      'reviewerName': 'Jon',
      'helpful': [2, 3],
      'reviewText': "First - I do have to say that the camera is relatively easy to use and takes very nice pictures. However, the battery life with this camera has been problematic since the first day that we received it. We have used several different batteries, as well as different battery chargers in an effort to rule out other problems. But this camera continued to be a problem. Eventually replaced with a Sony DSC-P93 - and haven't looked back since. Glad to be rid of this camera - very frustrating when you are trying to use a product to record your family's memories, and constantly run into problems with a quirky camera...",
      'overall': 1.0,
      'summary': 'Trouble from the start',
      'unixReviewTime': 1100304000,
      'reviewTime': '11 13, 2004'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A3PLX6PTM2ERKL',
      'asin': 'B00000J434',
      'reviewerName': 'Kenneth L. Schwartz',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "I'll admit it, I bought the case (the metallic blue one too!) just because it was sexy. It does a good job protecting my Palm Vx, but the case doesn't seem sturdy. There also seems to be a problem where the contrast button at the top of the Palm Pilot gets pressed by the case, this can be fixed by sliding the Palm just a hair. Overall, this case rocks, very glad I got it, the metallic blue one is better though, I get many compliments and good looks from it. Buy It!",
      'overall': 4.0,
      'summary': 'Sleek, Stylish, Sexy, but not as sturdy as it looks',
      'unixReviewTime': 989193600,
      'reviewTime': '05 7, 2001'},
     {'reviewerID': 'AD9QPDB4N8C6N',
      'asin': 'B00007E8AB',
      'reviewerName': 'W. Shannon',
      'helpful': [2, 2],
      'reviewText': 'This media gives me trouble burning on one of my CD drives that has never had problems with any other media.  Sony will not support them because I am not using a Sony CD drive and blames it on my drive that has never had trouble burning any other disks.  After this experience I am going to avoid buying any Sony product again.',
      'overall': 1.0,
      'summary': 'Dose not work and Sony will not give any support',
      'unixReviewTime': 1292889600,
      'reviewTime': '12 21, 2010'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A1YID22SBUN81B',
      'asin': 'B0000AE66P',
      'reviewerName': 'J. Kirlin',
      'helpful': [14, 16],
      'reviewText': "I hate that it's not included with the lens like my Sigma and Tamron lenshoods.  And I kept telling myself I didn't really want or need the hood and that lenshoods are DUMB ANYWAY.Then I gave in to my avarice and bit the bullet and bought it....and really like it.It looks good, fits good, reverses nicely, isn't so large that it makes it diffcult to carry in a lenscase or camera bag, isn't rigid so it even absorbs a little shock if you bump it on something.I'm still refusing to buy the lenshood for the kit lens, though, I mean come on, I have SOME dignity. :)",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Fits the new 55-250 perfectly.',
      'unixReviewTime': 1212364800,
      'reviewTime': '06 2, 2008'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A12UQZS58C1DQ6',
      'asin': 'B00004THM7',
      'reviewerName': 'Clifford Oliver',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "What a great flash. I am going to replace my studio lights with these little babies. Powerful and controllable, all that's missing is modeling light. I have been using a miniature flashlight to act as a modeling light.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Worth every dollar.',
      'unixReviewTime': 1388188800,
      'reviewTime': '12 28, 2013'},
     {'reviewerID': 'AZPOUCM043IY8',
      'asin': 'B00005Y3OM',
      'reviewerName': 'M. Koll',
      'helpful': [1, 5],
      'reviewText': "This lens does not have an internal motor, which is fine.  The clarity of the glass sucks when focused manually or with a camera body with its own motor.  It has been my only clinker lens.  The 2197 version is twice the price, but it does auto-focus and the focus is much sharper.  I've seen this in larger stores for $200 used.  Be patient and shop,",
      'overall': 1.0,
      'summary': 'Awful!',
      'unixReviewTime': 1381622400,
      'reviewTime': '10 13, 2013'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A29CSNMXK73I0L',
      'asin': 'B00005NIMJ',
      'reviewerName': 'Kenta "cactus564875335"',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'After increasing wrist pain over the years from using a computer mouse, I tried the Logitech Trackman Wheel Optical (Silver) 904353-0403, and the Logitech Logitech Trackman Marble Mouse  910-000806. I did not like the 910-000806 at all, but the Logitech Trackman Wheel Optical (Silver) is fantastic.It took me a while for my thumb dexterity to develop, but it is well worth the learning curve. I can zoom across the page quickly. Small delicate movements were difficult at first, but improved over time. I would say this is the only thing I don\'t like 100%, but again, my thumb perfomance is betting better over time. The scroll wheel is great. You can program a wheel button press to trigger a web browser to "go back a page".  I\'m buying another one for my other computer.  Best part is I no longer have wrist pain.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'great trackball, no more wrist pain',
      'unixReviewTime': 1288310400,
      'reviewTime': '10 29, 2010'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A1K7XTHFVQPM6J',
      'asin': 'B00009XVCZ',
      'reviewerName': 'Warren L. McFerran',
      'helpful': [2, 2],
      'reviewText': 'I bought this lens mostly for its incredible sharpness and optical qualities. Its very fast maximum aperture (f/1.4) was only a secondary consideration. I took it on a photo shoot yesterday and was not disappointed. I took nearly 200 pictures with it. The sharpness, clarity, and color saturation of the images it produced are on par with my best "L" series lens, which cost considerably more than this one!Please be advised, however, that sharp, crisp images require an aperture of f/4.0 or smaller (higher f numbers, up to f/22). Opening the aperture more than f/4.0 results in softer images. At f/1.4, the images are very soft, much softer than I am willing to accept. To maintain image sharpness and overall quality, I found it best to increase ISO as needed in order to avoid using an aperture wider than f/4.0 (or use flash).Also be advised that this lens has no IS (Image Stabilization), meaning that the shutter speed should not be slower than about 1/50 second. If you go below 1/40 second, blurry pictures can be expected.Finally, note that this lens only functions as a 50mm, "normal" focal length lens on full-frame cameras. If your camera has a 1.6 crop sensor, as mine does, this lens will be the equivalent of an 80mm short telephoto lens.In summary, if you want a lens that takes incredibly sharp, clear, crisp images at apertures of f/4.0 and higher (up to f/22), this lens will make you very happy. But if you want a lens that produces very sharp, high quality images at wider apertures in dimly lit, available light situations, you would be happier with the 50mm f/1.2L lens, which handles low light conditions much better. But that lens costs about 4 times as much as this lens!',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Very Sharp Lens!',
      'unixReviewTime': 1253404800,
      'reviewTime': '09 20, 2009'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A1JMQVXSNS5RSD',
      'asin': 'B00004WCGF',
      'reviewerName': 'Pritesh',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "Built quality is good. But when it comes to space it's just too small. I could barely fit my CanonT3i, and the extra lens I got with it. Feels like I have to struggle arranging and pulling things out of it. Everything is so tightly packed feels like I am probably gonna break something one day considering how difficult it is to fit all my stuff in this bag. I wish I checked it before buying it. Go for bigger bag this might be too small if you planning on putting more then your camera and an extra lens.",
      'overall': 2.0,
      'summary': 'Too small for all I need to fit in it',
      'unixReviewTime': 1397174400,
      'reviewTime': '04 11, 2014'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A207ODXYZC5RB9',
      'asin': 'B00006IS4X',
      'reviewerName': 'Lloyd Worley "Maxalla"',
      'helpful': [1, 3],
      'reviewText': "Got it as a gift for my adult son. He loves it. He didn't know about the world of short wave transmission.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Gift',
      'unixReviewTime': 1392422400,
      'reviewTime': '02 15, 2014'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A1WIZF16FAU50P',
      'asin': 'B00004ZCJE',
      'reviewerName': 'Shoppergirl',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "Use it with hubby's Nikon lens so we don't have to move the filter from lens to lens when swapping out lenses.  Now they each have their own!",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'UV Filter',
      'unixReviewTime': 1390089600,
      'reviewTime': '01 19, 2014'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A322LP94RDIKH5',
      'asin': 'B000053HH5',
      'reviewerName': 'ArtPhotoMusicNut',
      'helpful': [4, 4],
      'reviewText': 'This product has been extensively reviewed, and I don\'t have much to add. It is much less $$ than the 2.8L at the same zoom range. It does not have IS, which may be an issue to some but I don\'t have any IS lenses so maybe don\'t know what I\'m missing. The optical quality is as good as advertised. On an APS sized sensor (like my Rebel XTi) the lens is equivalent to a 320 mm on a 35 mm film camera. It is the longest lens I own. This is good for "urban" birds and squirrels that let you get reasonably close, and may be good for larger wildlife. It is borderline for, say, small wild birds that will not let you get close enough to reasonably fill the frame even at 200mm (but I have gotten lucky here and there).I would guess it is good for sports, but you need enough light to allow a reasonable shutter speed at f4.I have used it for macro closeups, and you get great bokeh.You can get creative with it. Why use a lens this long indoors? Well, why not?There is an optional tripod collar. The lens weight is at that borderline where you should use some lens tripod mount to avoid damaging the lens mount. I wish this collar were included, or at least cheaper and more widely available (it seems to be about $130 for a metal ring with a tripod socket -- come on, Canon!)It comes with a lens hood, so don\'t order an extra.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'L Lens is worth it',
      'unixReviewTime': 1175558400,
      'reviewTime': '04 3, 2007'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A3G58QLNL2BOD0',
      'asin': 'B00015XGQY',
      'reviewerName': 'Brian Vollrath',
      'helpful': [1, 1],
      'reviewText': "If this unit would have done audio well, I would have given this unit 4 stars.  This unit does work well switching between 4 pc's using one keyboard, mouse, and monitor.  Audio, it does horrible things to.  It removes all of the lower frequencies and just leaves the upper frequencies.  I can even notice this on the free speakers that came with my pc.  I would not want to try this on $80 speakers.  I would guess the effect would be even more pronounced.  I guess I don't understand why they included audio if they didn't care if you could use it or not.  So just be prepared if you buy this you will have to manually switch the audio if you want sound.  I am debating returning the unit and buying something else.",
      'overall': 2.0,
      'summary': 'works good except audio',
      'unixReviewTime': 1181692800,
      'reviewTime': '06 13, 2007'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A2E5IK9TUH8UPD',
      'asin': 'B00005ML7Q',
      'reviewerName': 'David',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "I've used this with my computer for learing spanish (ok, trying to learn).  It works great.  Now my daughter uses it for talking to all her friends online.  It's holding up well so far.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Works good',
      'unixReviewTime': 1375833600,
      'reviewTime': '08 7, 2013'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A13OC62IR6JVOK',
      'asin': 'B000068O44',
      'reviewerName': 'G. L. Doty "Jerry Doty"',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "Not much to say other than these work exactly as intended in my studio for connecting MIDI cables together. I had several shorter MIDI cables and instead of investing money into longer cables and just letting the shorter ones sit in a box,, I bought these barrel connectors to connect two 5' cables into one 10' run.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Hosa GMD108 Female MIDI to Female MIDI Connector',
      'unixReviewTime': 1401667200,
      'reviewTime': '06 2, 2014'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A2O4URF2BJL325',
      'asin': 'B00020S7XK',
      'reviewerName': 'Sanjuro',
      'helpful': [4, 5],
      'reviewText': "My big issue with this AM/FM radio is tuning in radio stations, and signal reception. The tuning on mine is very coarse making fine adjustments difficult when trying to improve AM signal reception. Attempting to tune in and listen to weak distant AM & FM radio stations is difficult on the AM band and basically impossible for FM because the radio appears to filter/squelch out weak signals. For comparison on AM reception I placed my new Sony radio side-by-side next to an old General Electric AM only solid state radio and slowly advanced the tuning on both...and it was amazing how many more weak but good radio station broadcasts I could pull in using the older radio. Using a tunable AM loop antenna with the Sony improved both the reception and fine tuning issues for the AM band, but I can't see myself frequently carrying a loop antenna around wherever I might want to take a portable radio, and this provides no help with improving signal strength on the FM band. In conclusion, the Sony is a decent radio for listening to strong local radio signals, but I'd buy a better radio than this model if I lived far from the radio stations I wanted to listen to.",
      'overall': 3.0,
      'summary': "It's ok but not anything special.",
      'unixReviewTime': 1255651200,
      'reviewTime': '10 16, 2009'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A2OV8YOYTL85NB',
      'asin': 'B00011KM38',
      'reviewerName': 'J. August',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "I needed a new CD case as my old one was FULL. This works really well and holds all of my disks without issue. This is a product that doesn't have any bells and whistles, but it's not supposed to. It gets the job done, was nice and cheap, and feels sturdy enough. I recommend this product.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Needed a new case, this one works.',
      'unixReviewTime': 1360627200,
      'reviewTime': '02 12, 2013'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A2QUKI8AR0C09X',
      'asin': 'B000068O1M',
      'reviewerName': 'jpau00 "jpau00"',
      'helpful': [1, 1],
      'reviewText': 'Good price and they work just fine. I had a hard time finding this particular configuration.I used it as part of a scheme to allow my dad to listen to the TV via headphones with a separate volume control. This cable plugged into RCA jacks in the back of his TV, the phono end plugged into a headphone amplifier.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Works like they should',
      'unixReviewTime': 1351900800,
      'reviewTime': '11 3, 2012'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A3RMF5LDYQZ1RU',
      'asin': 'B000069K8N',
      'reviewerName': 'Adrusa',
      'helpful': [0, 3],
      'reviewText': 'This remote is quite useful. However out of the box, it may not do much. The learning feature is very limited because of very low memory. For me it only controlled my Sharp TV and LG DVD out of the box.So I made a JP1 cable and I was able to get it to control my home made Media Centre box, my Vortec SAT, Liteon DVD Recorder, Mediagate MG-35, Kenwood AV receiver and Akai VCR all without eating at all into the learning memory.The lesson; you will only be able to harness about 50% of your remote capability without a JP1 cable.All poor ratings here are from people who do not wish to work with JP1 which is the key to this remote',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Excellent remote for the price',
      'unixReviewTime': 1137628800,
      'reviewTime': '01 19, 2006'},
     {'reviewerID': 'AGXMC3ITWZASE',
      'asin': 'B00007EDZG',
      'reviewerName': 'JDP',
      'helpful': [3, 3],
      'reviewText': "The Nikon ML/L3 Wireless Remote Control has proven itself to be a worthwhile tool time and time again. Pairing up to both my Nikon D90 & D300s was a breeze and on the money. The wireless feature easily makes this remote the hands down favorite when shooting products. Overall, the shots were consistent within a solid shooting range between 5 and 16 feet. Self and family portraits are a breeze.The immediate and two second delay modes are nice add ons. Overall reliability has not been an issue. With a 3 volt CR2025 battery providing the juice, its all about usage. For my needs I replace batteries every six months and keep back ups handy. Mounting a small sticker noting the date of the last battery change is helpful too. Occasional users can get away with a one year replacement. For prolonged storage, I recommend removing the battery. For heavy usage, its a good idea to carry a back up unit.In the box, (1) CR2025 battery, instructions, and a one year manufacturer's warranty. Customer support can be reached via Nikon's website or toll free phone number. Without a doubt, the Nikon ML/L3 Remote is a durable and cost effective tool. Its a welcome addition to my camera bag.",
      'overall': 4.0,
      'summary': 'Reliable Performance',
      'unixReviewTime': 1224460800,
      'reviewTime': '10 20, 2008'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A1PUWZ20PP69SS',
      'asin': 'B00007E7K0',
      'reviewerName': 'TSR6',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'This lens cap works, protects my lens.  What else can I say?  Simple..  That is about all there is to this product.The product came as described, fit the lens size as described, and is the direct replacement for the one I lost.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'It works....',
      'unixReviewTime': 1352419200,
      'reviewTime': '11 9, 2012'},
     {'reviewerID': 'ATET3UCACOMAS',
      'asin': 'B00009R970',
      'reviewerName': 'RS - Vancouver, WA',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "It's a Hoya filter that works great, is solid and the threads are nice.  I buy Hoya before other brands because I know it will be a good investment... as this purchase is.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Quality Product',
      'unixReviewTime': 1371945600,
      'reviewTime': '06 23, 2013'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A2LYL1FEOLWFSJ',
      'asin': 'B00001P4ZH',
      'reviewerName': 'E. OMalley',
      'helpful': [1, 1],
      'reviewText': "I'd been looking for some comfortable, affordable headphones that provide great sound and came across the reviews for these Koss PortaPro Headphones. The reviews do not lie...these are absolutely perfect for my purposes.I use these with my MP3 and PMP players, as well as my Blackberry Curve if I'm listening to music on it, and have found the sound to be phenomenal.  Now, I'm no audiophile but these definitely give me more detail than previous headphones I've owned so I'm very happy with them.  They are also extremely comfortable...I needed some over-the-head phones because I've always found earbuds and over-the-ear phones to be painful after awhile (I wear glasses, which are a definite factor).  These have been very comfortable on my ears and I can wear them for hours.  I have not had the hair catching issue that some people mention, so I've been lucky with that as well.Definitely worth the price, and if they ever break down I know Koss will provide me with a new pair.  I know they may look a little strange, but I've never had people comment on that - they just want to know if they are good and what kind they are.The only con is I wish the wire to connect to my devices was a little longer - not a lot, but just a few inches to provide a little extra give.  However, most headphone wires are WAYYY too long, so this is a very minor con.These are not noise-cancelling phones, and they were not purchased for use on planes (I have some foam ear buds I use for that purpose) so I can't comment on how they would work in that situation - I think too much noise would definitely get through.  So just use these in everyday situations (walks, in cars when others are driving, etc.) where it is actually a good thing to hear some of what is going on around you for safety purposes.All in all, I am very pleased with this purchase and highly recommend these headphones to anyone.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Great headphones!',
      'unixReviewTime': 1247702400,
      'reviewTime': '07 16, 2009'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A390IOW0IYA4IF',
      'asin': 'B00016BYHQ',
      'reviewerName': 'G. Levin',
      'helpful': [10, 10],
      'reviewText': "Great product.  Announces names that you program for both caller ID and call waiting ID.  No need to find your reading glasses to see who is calling.  Also, you'll hear the name of a call waiting caller, and can elect to ignore it when you're already on the line.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Great Caller ID',
      'unixReviewTime': 1199318400,
      'reviewTime': '01 3, 2008'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A16CJ128Q2UN62',
      'asin': 'B00007E7C8',
      'reviewerName': 'dogbone',
      'helpful': [1, 1],
      'reviewText': 'I am not an audiophile but I enjoy good audio and I certainly enjoy good music.  For the price, these headphones really deliver.  Great value.  Very comfortable even with extended use.  Designed to fit over the ears and not mash the ears and the padding is thick and soft. Quality sound when playing music on my laptop.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Great Value Headphones',
      'unixReviewTime': 1398124800,
      'reviewTime': '04 22, 2014'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A2310YIYYMWAEG',
      'asin': 'B00007E7C8',
      'reviewerName': 'Sprkymrt',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'I have other headphones but this is the most expensive set I have to date, and I must say I was amazed at the sound.  They help keep out other sounds with the closed-back and the headband makes wearing them easier on the head than just plastic or wire on top.  Each earpiece can be turned out so you can talk or listen to something (or somebody) else.  They have a long cord, so while they may not be good for wearing outside, they allow movement inside the house or studio.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Nice set of headphones',
      'unixReviewTime': 1353628800,
      'reviewTime': '11 23, 2012'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A3IPRGWKSJ4BBW',
      'asin': 'B00007IFED',
      'reviewerName': 'Greg',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "The TU-S9 arrived today, after waiting 5 days for delivery.I bought this serial cable to use with my Equus 3130 Innova Diagnostic Code Scanner, as a replacementfor a previous one that I bought here (DB9 Adapter Cable), which was total garbage and would not work.The driver software installed without any problems..... if you're using Windows 7, be sure to install it in compatibility mode.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'TU-S9 USB to Serial Converter',
      'unixReviewTime': 1299888000,
      'reviewTime': '03 12, 2011'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A3V9OG8IU8HW87',
      'asin': 'B000065BP9',
      'reviewerName': 'auger8',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'I have the same problem with both pairs of sennheiser headphones. They worked great for a few months, then one side starts going out. I suspect it is the cord. I guess I got my money worth, but would expect them to last longer since they are only used sitting at my desk and there has never been any damage, chewed cord, etc.',
      'overall': 2.0,
      'summary': 'did not last long',
      'unixReviewTime': 1352678400,
      'reviewTime': '11 12, 2012'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A3BA9J9G2C1YSG',
      'asin': 'B0000TU7I6',
      'reviewerName': 'Pamela I. Hughes "yuzuha"',
      'helpful': [2, 4],
      'reviewText': "Makes a nice portrait lens that is wide enough for existing light and for shallow DOF shots with a nice bokeh.  Takes nice macro shots too.A year later and I'm still loving it... even bought an EX-25 extension tube and a focusing rail to go with it so I could get the most out of those macro shots.  Tack sharp.  My favorite Oly lens... even sharper than the 12-60 SWD.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Decent macro plus good portrait lens',
      'unixReviewTime': 1186185600,
      'reviewTime': '08 4, 2007'},
     {'reviewerID': 'AIIHOI3SOYJPT',
      'asin': 'B00007E809',
      'reviewerName': 'James Hatsis "AHR"',
      'helpful': [1, 2],
      'reviewText': "I always carry a spare because I can't seem to keep track of my lens caps.The nikon is a great fit.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Get one now *before* you need it',
      'unixReviewTime': 1176336000,
      'reviewTime': '04 12, 2007'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A18EILJG66TFSM',
      'asin': 'B000092YQW',
      'reviewerName': 'Arvind S. Gautam',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'I looked long and hard at earphones before I bought this one, but that in NO WAY says that I know all there is to know about them (not even a fraction actually). Simply because there are just so many earphones you can get to try before you buy.I was skeptical about what kind of difference there might be between a $5 set and a $30 set. I\'m pleased to report that the difference is worth paying for :)It\'s not like I\'ve used a whole magnificent range of earphones to be able to notice a difference. I\'ve been a stock earphones user, and moving to this one...there is a HUGE difference in sound!The range and clarity is GREAT! And more so is the sound-isolating properties. I figure it\'s the great fit of the earbuds inside your ear-canal. So it\'s imperative that they be inserted correctly (They plug your ears to the outside sounds). As an experiment - plug your fingers INTO your ears and hum to yourself - that\'s the way it actually works! The humming is just to give you an idea of how the sound quality will change for you ;) (Yeah I know that your own sound travels through the bones and not through air...but the effect here sounds just like it).I did notice what the others mention as "heavy bass" of the sony phones, but I can definitely live with that. It\'s not like the sound is all bass...it\'s just a tad more than what I\'d THINK the music will ACTUALLY sound like. But it\'s all good (yes folks..it really is).After this... I\'m pretty sure that even more expensive earphones must be something special (when I hear through these... i can imagine those tiny differences that might improve even this quality). But at present I wouldn\'t like to spend $70 on another pair of earphones...so I\'m sticking to these - and loving them :)cheers!',
      'overall': 4.0,
      'summary': 'Worth a buy',
      'unixReviewTime': 1168300800,
      'reviewTime': '01 9, 2007'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A1XVG785NS2GAD',
      'asin': 'B0001FTVEK',
      'reviewerName': 'Traveler',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'I bought these headphones for my hard-of-hearing mother last year.  They are fantastic and high quality.  Now my mother can watch TV and hear perfectly, while the rest of us can set the TV speaker volume to "normal."  (Just make sure you connect the headphone wires so that you still have TV speakers ON)  Battery life is great and the auto-recharging works perfectly.  The bonus is that that my mother can now also work around the house and even out in the yard and set listen to her favorite TV shows.  And they are perfect for watching late night TV without bothering anyone else.  I would recommend these headphones to everyone.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Great headphones',
      'unixReviewTime': 1279324800,
      'reviewTime': '07 17, 2010'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A29JZGJORW2LBZ',
      'asin': 'B00005U21H',
      'reviewerName': 'Tecate',
      'helpful': [2, 3],
      'reviewText': 'I have never been disappointed with Monster Cable brand electronics.  Now if they could only lower those high prices.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'As always, perfect product',
      'unixReviewTime': 1178841600,
      'reviewTime': '05 11, 2007'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A1VNZN4R20WFQA',
      'asin': 'B0000BVYTV',
      'reviewerName': 'David Nobel',
      'helpful': [1, 1],
      'reviewText': 'After over a month, I am very satisfied with the Antec Cooler and would order it again. Durability is still an open question, but at this price, I would be very happy to get two years out of it.PROSFairly pricedRelatively quietLight weightEffective cooling with my Macbook Pro 15"Well-designed to carry around with laptopPass-through design of USB plug frees up portCONS"On" light is a laser-like blue LED from hell',
      'overall': 4.0,
      'summary': 'Antec does the job',
      'unixReviewTime': 1258243200,
      'reviewTime': '11 15, 2009'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A2NB8QWHLQ60UU',
      'asin': 'B00005T39Y',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "Just received this and used it to connect my android phone.  Sounds really good, can't complain for the price.  If it develops problems like some have mentioned will adjust review at that time.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Sounds great.',
      'unixReviewTime': 1399075200,
      'reviewTime': '05 3, 2014'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A1T4C041IHH5QN',
      'asin': 'B00007EDZG',
      'reviewerName': 'C.N,',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "I use this with my Nikon D60 and it works great. It is small enough to conceal in your hand if you're taking a self portrait or cannot press the shutter button yourself. Sometimes it has a hard time communicating with the camera but often times it is because something is in the way. I have used this for action, still, group, and portraits and it hasn't failed me yet in the 4 years I have had it.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Maintain line of sight and works flawlessly',
      'unixReviewTime': 1353888000,
      'reviewTime': '11 26, 2012'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A242IFN64X6R4E',
      'asin': 'B0001F1ZY4',
      'reviewerName': 'Grumple Dumple',
      'helpful': [13, 14],
      'reviewText': 'I was already using the 256MB version of this particular brand name memory stick and had never had any trouble using it. I have only begun to use this 512MB version (I have downloaded off of it 2 times so far) and again there is absolutely no problem whatsoever thus far. The price on this has come way down over time. I am very glad I bought it. This one as well as the 256MB version are great to use with my Sony DSC-F717 camera.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Great With My DSC-F717 Camera!',
      'unixReviewTime': 1101340800,
      'reviewTime': '11 25, 2004'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A394CFIQH570SM',
      'asin': 'B00009R6K7',
      'reviewerName': 'acousticmany',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'I have bought plenty of these filters of all different sizes.  These filters really cut down on glare and unwanted lens flair.  I definitely recommend these filters.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Sigma DG 58mm Multi-Coated UV Filter',
      'unixReviewTime': 1364256000,
      'reviewTime': '03 26, 2013'},
     {'reviewerID': 'AHIB1PU15WJVS',
      'asin': 'B0000CDJPQ',
      'reviewerName': 'Eugenio Pantaleon',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'I have not tested it long enough to know if it will last. It looks well built and works. Macbook Pro to storage devices.',
      'overall': 4.0,
      'summary': 'Does the job',
      'unixReviewTime': 1374624000,
      'reviewTime': '07 24, 2013'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A1GIBJ2FWB34A5',
      'asin': 'B000093US4',
      'reviewerName': 'J. Pu',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'The dvd is just fine, tends to purchase a combo, end up only the dvd works and need a vcr to play my old tapes. Too lazy to return.',
      'overall': 2.0,
      'summary': 'good dvd, bad vcr',
      'unixReviewTime': 1239580800,
      'reviewTime': '04 13, 2009'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A90L8N27FQNVU',
      'asin': 'B000204SWE',
      'reviewerName': 'Robert S. Rissler "demnos"',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'This is easily the best DVD player I have ever owned.  It will play almost anything.  The multi-region capability is great but the DivX capability is definitely the best feature.  You can fit many more hours of high-quality video onto a DVD in DivX format.  Definitely a good buy!',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Best DVD Player Yet!',
      'unixReviewTime': 1120003200,
      'reviewTime': '06 29, 2005'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A24OHQK700QEIW',
      'asin': '0972683275',
      'reviewerName': 'Fredy',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'Very good item; I am happy wit it, and delivery time was excellent!!  I recomended; is a good support for your LED TV. It is easy to install, and it have extra screws for different sizes TV.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Very good!!',
      'unixReviewTime': 1335916800,
      'reviewTime': '05 2, 2012'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A3UFRL8T18DDDK',
      'asin': 'B00004ZC8Y',
      'reviewerName': 'luisAnello',
      'helpful': [1, 21],
      'reviewText': 'it buys the filters 58mm UV and polarizer , and for my surprise they arrived both with a ray in the glass! , they are of VERY BAD QUALITY, costs much to clean them, I have others of smaller quality and the polvopor almost does not stick they, I do not recommend them are very bad and above they came failed',
      'overall': 1.0,
      'summary': 'Filter bad quality',
      'unixReviewTime': 1247097600,
      'reviewTime': '07 9, 2009'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A1VC5RFY90CJ2D',
      'asin': 'B00006HXZV',
      'reviewerName': 'jason',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "I couldn't make it for the cost. By the time I buy the wire and connectors I've already spent more than I paid for this cable. Recommend for all your serial needs.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Great product- Great price',
      'unixReviewTime': 1335571200,
      'reviewTime': '04 28, 2012'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A1YMC7H5U3TQOU',
      'asin': 'B000067RMT',
      'reviewerName': 'A. Adkins "Disneyphile"',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'I have a GPS unit that sits on the dash far away from the 12V plug. This cable allows the unit to be in the middle of the dash and the cable routed out of the way.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Charge my GPS',
      'unixReviewTime': 1376956800,
      'reviewTime': '08 20, 2013'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A2VYB07TMKONDB',
      'asin': 'B00009R6AY',
      'reviewerName': 'Sunny "Sunny Wu (Naturetastic Photography)"',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "I always use this with aManfrotto 037 Reversible Short Stud - Replaces 2907so both ends are tripod mount screws. I use this with on the go macro photography so I can attach it to the bottom of my camera tripod screw and the other end can hold up myCanon Speedlite 600EX-RT Flashand a small softbox. It works great for macro photography (except for the weight - 1 star off, but it isn't designed for this) on the go because it helps hold your flash in position. The product itself will definitely hold up a flash, but this also means the product is very stiff. I have to use 2 hands to bend it and again, very heavy.I still recommend this if you are interested in macro photography. Nothing better to hold up your flash than this! It works well .Pros:- Heavy Duty- Can support a lot of weight- Stiff- Great for holding a flash when doing on the go macroCons:- 1 end is not the 1/4 tripod screw- HeavyOverall, can't comment on using it for what it is suppose to do, like mounting it on a light stand, but it is great for macro if you don't mind the weight. Quiet some savings from using a real macro ring flash!",
      'overall': 4.0,
      'summary': 'Great for on--the-go Macro!',
      'unixReviewTime': 1358294400,
      'reviewTime': '01 16, 2013'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A9B5144R63GL1',
      'asin': 'B00004ZCDD',
      'reviewerName': 'Francis Butts',
      'helpful': [1, 1],
      'reviewText': 'I have found that a pre installed UV haze filter on the various camera lenses I expect to use saves a lot of time and fumbling around while changing lenses.  I acquired a tele-photo lens for my new Canon Digital.  So based on past experience, I purchased this filter. A perfect fit at the right price.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Tiffen 58mm Haze filter',
      'unixReviewTime': 1318464000,
      'reviewTime': '10 13, 2011'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A2N2FJ2WS0MWTV',
      'asin': 'B00009V4G9',
      'reviewerName': 'Michael W. Erb "Amateur Photographer"',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'Bought this for my XSi and it works great.  I hike and prefer to carry my camera rather than use a neck strap.  In the past, I had to wrap the neck strap around my wrist so I had some protection in case I let go of the camera - no longer have that worry with this strap.  The strap is wide enough so it is comfortable and the connecting strap is solid.  If I could change anything, it would be to have a way to tighten the strap around my wrist.UPDATE ---- I have since used the strap on my T2i and 5D Mk3 - works well!  To re-iterate my only complaint - I wish there was a way to tighten the strap around my wrist BUT it has never slipped off and I have never dropped the camera while using the strap.  I recommend this strap !',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Works with XSi, T2 and 5D Mk iii',
      'unixReviewTime': 1270080000,
      'reviewTime': '04 1, 2010'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A2AAHDM93LC9BI',
      'asin': 'B000067S60',
      'reviewerName': 'groomRN "Erik"',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'These were very good quality. They arrived intact. They hold up very well compared to other brands I have used in the past.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Nice!',
      'unixReviewTime': 1403308800,
      'reviewTime': '06 21, 2014'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A26D3NDNGDLIC4',
      'asin': 'B000068U1L',
      'reviewerName': 'Ian J. Fuller "Ian Fuller"',
      'helpful': [16, 17],
      'reviewText': 'I purchased a Kodak digital camera but decided to save money on the dock since I did not think it a big deal to plug in a USB cable to transfer my photos.What I did not realize is that the camera came with a NON-rechargable battery - the expensive proprietary sort. Kodak used to ship cameras with a rechargable, but not on my new DX4330.After some hunting around, I decided to buy the dock, mostly because it includes a rechargable battery. Amazon/UPS delivered the dock in record time - less time than advertised.The dock seems like a foolproof device. I plugged it into the power, into my PC, changed the batteries in my camera and I was away. No more worries about suddenly flat batteries.It works as advertised to upload and share photos, but I mainly brought it as a convenient battery charger.I think the item is expensive for what you get. Acessories is where Kodak must be making their profits.',
      'overall': 4.0,
      'summary': 'A Nice Convenience',
      'unixReviewTime': 1059436800,
      'reviewTime': '07 29, 2003'},
     {'reviewerID': 'AQY1DU1PY5F1I',
      'asin': 'B0000AI0NC',
      'reviewerName': 'Dale Krueger',
      'helpful': [1, 1],
      'reviewText': 'I guess some would find an eight foot cord nice, not me, that is my only con.This is a great price, like $30 for a 3300 joule surge protector. That is incredibleIf some do not know, you can buy a power strip that adds extra outlets, great. Then you can buy a power strip that adds extra outlets with a surge protector built in.The surge protector is what protects your electrical devices from surge. The energy absorption-dissipation is rated in &#34;joules&#34;The lower the joule number = the lower absorption of the surge basically. If you want to be better protected you want to have a higher joule rating.This has 3345 joule rating which is pretty high thus pretty well protected.I bought 3, and have used them for 9 months with no problemsFor the warranty though it only let me register one of them on their website, maybe they have fixed it since then. They all came from the same lot number and shared similar numbers or the same numbers I cannot remember, but would only let me register one for the guarantee protection warranty if surged and it fails it pays for your fried items.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Great for price, 3345 Joules',
      'unixReviewTime': 1388793600,
      'reviewTime': '01 4, 2014'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A2JXAA74QLBR0S',
      'asin': 'B00008V6NI',
      'reviewerName': 'P. Pham "tech junkie"',
      'helpful': [1, 2],
      'reviewText': "This is a great player.  I purchased the 256 meg version and I have a 256 sandisk sd card inside.  Included earbuds are horrible.  No bass is heard from the fl100 with included earbuds.  I purchased the sony mdr-ex5 earbuds.  now those rock.  worth the money.  so in sum. . .buy the mpio. ditch the mpio earbuds and buy the sony mdr-ex5 earbuds.  Don't forget to turn on dyanmic bass on the mpio.  woot!!!Also, transfer of songs is fast to the mpio but a little slower to the SD card.  firmware update is very easy to do with the mpio manager.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'great sound',
      'unixReviewTime': 1063065600,
      'reviewTime': '09 9, 2003'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A3FBSAQLJYZKF8',
      'asin': 'B00007FGU7',
      'reviewerName': 'ez2bstupid "Happy husband"',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'I have not had any issues with this extension. I use it to run from a TV to the treadmill for my headphones. The headphones are dedicated for use on the treadmill so I am not constantly plugging and unplugging the headphones from the extension though. For the extremely low price I have to highly recommend this.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Works as described',
      'unixReviewTime': 1324252800,
      'reviewTime': '12 19, 2011'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A2IL66AJY3I3MX',
      'asin': 'B0001YEOCU',
      'reviewerName': 'rj',
      'helpful': [10, 10],
      'reviewText': 'This lens is a good "walk-around" lens. A walk around lens needs to be small, lightweight, still reasonably fast, and should range from medium wide to short tele. Nikon\'s kit lenses have all incorporated these features more or less. The problem is that the demanded versatility and portability sometimes requires compromises in terms of image quality and built quality.Therefore you have to ask the question, if it would be better to spend money on a decent point-and-shoot camera instead of spending it on a compromise lens. You bought a SLR for a special purpose, and a kit lenses will most likely defeat some of that purpose, whatever it was.Anyway, this lens does it\'s job pretty well. In my opinion it has the perfect range for a walk-around lens. It\'s small and lightweight.Compared to other available "compromises" there are some pro\'s and con\'s:Pros:- optically maybe Nikon\'s best kit lens according to various tests on the web.- longer telephoto reach than the cheaper 18-55 mm lenses.- better built quality than almost all Nikon kit lenses (metal mount).- with f/4.5 at the long end it\'s faster than other kit lenses and Nikon\'s 16-85 VR (which is otherwise in a different class for price and built quality).- way lighter and cheaper than pro alround lenses (17-55 f/2.8)- Bokeh is not bad and seems to be much nicer than in many of Nikon\'s other DX zooms.Cons:- no VR. In my opinion this could be a deal breaker. VR works great for what it is made for and you get it now in all newer cheap lenses basically for free. The faster long end of this lens (f/4.5 instead of the usual 5.6 now) will help your low light focus but the it won\'t compensate for VR in terms of camera shake. The difference is not big enough.- funny built: the mount is high quality and the lens body seems strong. but the front element that pumps when zoomed wiggles losely, the zoom action is very uneven.- some people report dust-sucking problem.- distortion and chromatic aberrations (if you shoot RAW) are an issue if you look closely. Both can be corrected easily, but it requires time, unless you use DxO.In summary, a relatively cheap crop frame zoom will never be a perfect lens. But if you need one of the cheapies, I think this is one of the better ones, at least optically.I think Nikon discontiued it\'s production, thereby forcing customers to step down to full-plastic-lenses or step up to better built alround lenses at $600 or more.',
      'overall': 4.0,
      'summary': 'King of the cheapies - get this one or a point-and-shoot!',
      'unixReviewTime': 1271376000,
      'reviewTime': '04 16, 2010'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A2P1ZALAC93BHH',
      'asin': 'B00001P4XH',
      'reviewerName': 'Don "Don Eitner"',
      'helpful': [2, 2],
      'reviewText': "I often buy headphones with built-in volume control.  But the brand and style I really like is no longer available.  I discovered this in-line volume control, realized it would work with any standard headphones using a 1/8 inch plug and I couldn't be happier.  If I need extra cord length for my phones, this gives it.  And I will always prefer a hardware volume control to a software one.  It's just so much quicker and easier to deal with.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': "I'd been looking for this without knowing it.",
      'unixReviewTime': 1289347200,
      'reviewTime': '11 10, 2010'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A12P2K1UWI0HD2',
      'asin': 'B00022OBD8',
      'reviewerName': 'Joey',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'this wire kit is absolutly horrible! it says u get 8 gauge. well the wire u get is more like 14 gauge. so if ur running a good amp ur gonna burn up the wire. the only thing usable in this kit is maybe the remote turn on wire and maybe the RCAs but even those are low quality. basically you dont get what u paid for. just dont do it. and on the box it says 1000 watts. with that tiny power wire (and ground wire) you prolly could get 100 watts. just dont buy this',
      'overall': 1.0,
      'summary': 'DO NOT BUY',
      'unixReviewTime': 1277424000,
      'reviewTime': '06 25, 2010'},
     {'reviewerID': 'ADR6157NMQOTV',
      'asin': 'B00000K2YR',
      'reviewerName': 'G. Powers',
      'helpful': [1, 6],
      'reviewText': "I'm neither thrilled nor disappointed with this purchase.  For the price, it seems to work well.  Plug it in, press the button, and talk.  People sometimes talk back.  It works.",
      'overall': 3.0,
      'summary': "It's a CB",
      'unixReviewTime': 1395446400,
      'reviewTime': '03 22, 2014'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A37R9S3HIHOFTP',
      'asin': 'B00004YZLV',
      'reviewerName': 'Francisco Vazquez',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'its a really good camera i really like the pictures i can take and i really like the color of it',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'good camera',
      'unixReviewTime': 1401667200,
      'reviewTime': '06 2, 2014'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A2T689YVOAYGGD',
      'asin': 'B000068P8W',
      'reviewerName': 'Acontius "Acontius"',
      'helpful': [3, 4],
      'reviewText': 'Fortunately, I used this on my 19" Samsung PC monitor before trying it on a Samsung LCD TV screen.This leaves a lot of streaks you can see when the monitor is off--from just about any angle.  It does get rid of fingerprints if you are persistent with rubbing gently, but then the streaks and ghostly splotches just spread all around the screen.Note that my monitor is matte screen.  I have no idea how this might affect a glossy screen, like the Ultra Clear used on the Samsung A650...I still don\'t know what the answer is for cleaning LCD screens properly, especially if they have gotten a light film of oil from normal cooking.  Most people have kitchens that open into the living room, right?  My TV is in the living room, so over time (6 months or more) it will pick up some of the oil that comes from light stirfrying and occasional broiling.Bottom line, even though Samsung\'s FAQ specifically recommends this product, ScreenClean does a very poor job of cleaning.  It leaves too many streaks and blotches.  (And what do we clean those off with???)',
      'overall': 2.0,
      'summary': 'Exact directions leave LOTS of streaks',
      'unixReviewTime': 1233446400,
      'reviewTime': '02 1, 2009'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A4HO6XVPFHW35',
      'asin': 'B00009R6TA',
      'reviewerName': 'laurances--ghost "Laurances"',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'I purchased this backpack approx. 6 months ago.  I have used it about 3 times a week. The form and fuctionality of the item is fine.  The quality of the construction is poor.  The seams are beginning to pop at multiple points.  If you are looking for a backpack for even moderate use I would look to a different brand.  I am suprised that Canon put its good brand on this item.  I have owned many Canon items through the last 30 years and have always been satisfied.  I am having doubts about the brands quality.',
      'overall': 1.0,
      'summary': 'Seams are poppin!!!',
      'unixReviewTime': 1316995200,
      'reviewTime': '09 26, 2011'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A2REPJT938J02C',
      'asin': 'B000067RBT',
      'reviewerName': 'Ed Cavanaugh "Old guy -not geek"',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "long enough, well made, works, shipped right price right ( I'm having trouble coming up with eleven more words. DONE",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': "It's cable",
      'unixReviewTime': 1356912000,
      'reviewTime': '12 31, 2012'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A2QA2UL5EJG0QF',
      'asin': 'B000095SB6',
      'reviewerName': 'G.G.',
      'helpful': [3, 3],
      'reviewText': 'I really like these and for the price they were cheaper than the shure model and the bass is nice like the noise cancel feature the only problem! is that if you loose the silicon earpieces cant find replacement so far havent been able to locate contacted sony we will see as far as the earphones them selves cant beat the price and quality I would buy again just needs extra parts! Finally found the parts $10 a piece thats a rip off love the product hate the ear pieces',
      'overall': 4.0,
      'summary': 'Need replacement parts !!!',
      'unixReviewTime': 1130889600,
      'reviewTime': '11 2, 2005'},
     {'reviewerID': 'AJSGH34DBQGXA',
      'asin': 'B00009XVCZ',
      'reviewerName': 'D. Ohnemus',
      'helpful': [17, 20],
      'reviewText': "Probably the best dollar value you can get in a medium telephoto lens. I was torn between it and the 85mm 1.8 for a portrait lens. Given the 1.6 focal length multiplyer I have on my current digital camera I went with this lens.Great lens, wonderful for portraits and people shots in general.  Good low light performance.  I think the extra money is worth it as compared to the 50mm 1.8  Of course each person has to decide for themselves, with the wide range of zoom lenses available that give very good performance it can be hard to justify a single fixed focal length lens.  I wanted it for portraits and am very very pleased with this glass. I do and will be using it a lot so it makes the decision easier for me.It is a bit soft at 1.4 and that is by design. It becomes sharper rapidly as you close down the aperture, by 2.0 it is sharp by 4.0 it is unreal. That is the only way to describe it, unreal in it's clarity.At 1.4 you can capture all those low light art shots you never could before.  Don't need much of a light bulb to give you a good exposure with this lens wide open.Enough, don't want to ramble. Great lens,  would be a bargin at a much higher price (don't read that part Canon).",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Great Glass',
      'unixReviewTime': 1164326400,
      'reviewTime': '11 24, 2006'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A10NPIQCB07BXZ',
      'asin': 'B000083KIH',
      'reviewerName': 'Ryan G. Fitzpatrick "Overmisunderstood"',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "What more needs to be said! Works well when you need to space certain bulky plug apart. I'll be buying more soon!",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'These are great!',
      'unixReviewTime': 1398816000,
      'reviewTime': '04 30, 2014'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A3MDOTYNV494O',
      'asin': 'B000234N0S',
      'reviewerName': 'R. Bunds',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "Just got these today. My second pair of Microsoft LifeChat's croaked on me (seriously don't buy those pieces of junk!). So I was looking for a cheap pair to replace them for now. It's an interesting setup that these headphones use to connect to the PC. Instead of a all in one USB connection they use both standard audio/mic jacks and only use the USB connection to power the vibration.As far as the sound quality goes, I was a little disapointed in the bass at first... it simply didn't have much. Then I turned on the vibration feature, the best way I can describe it is synthetic bass. It almost adds a quality as if your standing next to a drum set and you can feel the bass. I'm not sure how it will perform in games and movies yet but if it comes through with explosions and gunfire, it would be pretty cool. :)They are fairly comfortable, and I have a huge melon. The earpiece cushions are tight on the headpiece though and not as cushy as the lifechats. The inline controls are simply consisting of a disk dial for volume and a switch to turn on the vibration from off/low/high.My only disapointment so far is the mic, testing it... it seems rather weak. I have to speak loudly to get it to pick up my voice. I have yet to test it in Ventrillo so hopefully I can tweak it to my liking.As far as durability, no score right now, we'll see how they are in 3-4 months. Overall a good pair of headphones for the price. It's hard to find decent ones around the sub $30 range and these are exceptional for the price.Finally, one reviewer claimed these were mono headphones, this is untrue! They are full stero (sounds on the left comes out of left speaker etc)This is important for gaming and I wanted to correct that wrong information. :)",
      'overall': 4.0,
      'summary': 'Excellent headphones for the price!',
      'unixReviewTime': 1262908800,
      'reviewTime': '01 8, 2010'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A2KHXK5GTKBXP8',
      'asin': 'B000067RT6',
      'reviewerName': 'D. Chen',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "Ordered from Amamax and received the item as described, unlike what some other reviews mentioned. The product had the snagless boot as shown in the picture, not something else. Only wish that a Shielded Twisted Pair (STP) version is also offered with the same design for a similar price; this seems to be UTP to me because it's much more flexible.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Great quality Ethernet cable for the price',
      'unixReviewTime': 1332547200,
      'reviewTime': '03 24, 2012'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A288XW2VPUVYOI',
      'asin': 'B00009965D',
      'reviewerName': 'David Rolfe',
      'helpful': [35, 35],
      'reviewText': 'The Samsung 213t is significantly cheaper than other 21.3" monitors, although it should be noted that you\'ll spend a lot less on a 20" monitor. So if you\'re looking at this one, you\'d better value that extra inch. Should you? This depends on whether you like high pixel density or low pixel density. The 21.3" monitor yields about 94 dpi (dots per inch); a 20" monitor is more like 100 dpi. Some of the smaller 1600x1280 displays (especially for laptops) go above 120 and even 130 dpi, and some people prefer the high density, even though the text gets smaller. WinXP has a setting to increase font and dialog box sizes based upon the local dpi, but this is imperfect, since graphics, unlike fonts, are not resized. We can argue theory forever, but the essential question is, what do you find easiest on your eyes? For me, the lowest dpi is most comfortable, because it draws larger characters, but I know of people who prefer the high numbers. If you\'re like me and you want low dpi and a lot of screen real estate, this is your monitor, at least in 2004. (There\'s a wider model, the 243t (24"), but it costs about twice as much.) The 213t price has been dropping over the year (with periodic rebates!) and may drop farther, and this model may well be replaced before long.With any modern LCD monitor, be sure to use the digital connection to a DVI video card. The digital connection assures that the monitor will display *exactly* what the PC intends. If you use the VGA analog connection, you\'ll be open for some smearing and ghosting.The 213t has no frills (no speakers, no USB). Its response time (25 ms) isn\'t as fast as some other monitors, so it\'s not the optimal choice for gaming or video. But it\'s a sharp, clear, large display. For the market niche it fills, it\'s the best monitor at the best price.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Big LCD Monitor at a Good Price',
      'unixReviewTime': 1099699200,
      'reviewTime': '11 6, 2004'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A3RQMPIT3WLZ2N',
      'asin': 'B0000CH58M',
      'reviewerName': 'Mary',
      'helpful': [5, 5],
      'reviewText': 'I\'m not really involved in the digital photo scene so this won\'t be a super technical review.I purchased this camera because of the size. It\'s about the size of a mobile phone, smaller than some, larger than others. It fits perfectly in the phone sized pocket of my shoulder bag.Operation is mostly simple. Power it on with one button, focus and shoot with a different button. The location of these two buttons is pretty ergonomic - they make sense. I haven\'t taken a single picture with part of my hand shadowing the flash or found any fingers in the shot. In the past 14 months, I\'ve taken over 2500 pictures with this unit and had no fingers in the pictures, so I think that\'s pretty ergonomic for a small camera.The zoom is digital which makes it useless - if you zoom in, you can just see bigger pixels, so don\'t buy it for the zoom, ok?Manual operation is hit and miss. Some of the settings I\'ve found to be superior to the default point and shoot mode but for the most part I think you\'re better off using it in automatic mode. For one thing, it\'s really hard to find a setting where you can turn the flash off without leaving the shutter open forever. That means I can\'t use the camera in many museums because most restrict the use of a flash. Of course, a DIY fix for that would be to cover the flash securely with something like electrical tape, but I really don\'t like the idea of that.Battery life is long, if you use the actual Canon batteries. I purchased a couple of aftermarket batteries and they only last for a couple hours of turn on, take a couple photos, turn off and repeat. So for vacation when you really need to rely on a spare, buy an actual Canon battery. It\'s worth the extra dough.The case that comes with the unit is quite nice. You shouldn\'t need to spend more $ to buy another one. I don\'t like the velcro on the case so much because it gets stuck on the little camera strap and makes the strap look all scuzzy, but maybe you can find a better strap. Any cell phone strap could be used. Try to find one that will fit around your hand for security. I\'ve dropped the unit once and it\'s okay so far but I wouldn\'t want to risk any damage.The battery charger is small - no cord. On the US model it plugs into any two prong outlet. Doesn\'t work well on a power strip because it has a large footprint. But on a regular double outlet with a normal plug in one, this charger will fit just fine in the other outlet. On a totally dead battery it takes about 35 minutes to fully charge it.The manual is descriptive. Keep it handy when you\'re getting started. Don\'t just use the quick start guide. You\'ll want to know how to use those manual settings from time to time. Take it with you on vacation.Video mode is okay. The mic is quite sensitive - better than I had suspected. You won\'t get a particularly large image but you can find video editing programs that will enable you to enhance the video you record. For fun little snippets to send to friends via e-mail, which is what I wanted, it\'s great.Sorting through the images and videos is extra simple. Deleting unwanted images is just as simple. Be careful, or you might delete something you meant to keep.The unit does come with a 16mb SD card but that\'s too small for use in reality. Go to the store and buy a 256 or a 512 MB card and you\'ll be able to take way more pictures than your battery will allow. You should not need more than one 512 for a 10 day vacation. Seriously. I like that it uses SD cards because they\'re still quite easy to find. And unlike other camera brands, you can buy any brand SD card.I can tell you that some SD cards are faster than others, which will affect your between snapshot time more than the camera itself. I\'m using a PNY card and it\'s much faster than the card that came with the camera. Unfortunately, most of those cards are made by 2 or 3 manufacturers and then rebranded by the sellers. If you feel that it takes too long to take one photo after another, try a different card. Don\'t blame the camera.There is a cable included to directly connect the camera to a device. You could use that but honestly I think it\'s easier to take the card out and insert into a card reader. Many computers have them built in. If yours doesn\'t, you can buy a reader at any electronics retailer for about $9-30 depending on how many types of cards it can read. All you need is SD reader.Would I buy this camera again? Yes I think so. It\'s not everything I wanted but almost everything. 4MP is still nothing to sneeze at - the images are quite good. Usually the only modifications I have to make are to orient the photos 90 degrees(I take a lot of portrait shaped pictures, which default to view sideways when you look at them on your computer.)Buy with confidence and enjoy this little thing. Every time I use it people still say "wow it\'s such a small camera!" If that\'s important to you, you\'ll really like it.',
      'overall': 4.0,
      'summary': 'a review for the non pictophiles',
      'unixReviewTime': 1115164800,
      'reviewTime': '05 4, 2005'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A3UKITW9KFF8SE',
      'asin': 'B00006B81I',
      'reviewerName': 'Keith Chiem',
      'helpful': [1, 1],
      'reviewText': 'The power strip arrived packed inside a cardboard box with a set of wall/rack-mount brackets on one end, and a set of outlet plugs on the other.  When you open up the packaging, make sure you check BOTH ends for all the accessories.I\'m using this power strip for power distribution on my 19" equipment rack.  I\'d give this product 5 stars, but I\'m deducting one since the brackets don\'t work out of the box for me.  I\'d imagine others would have the same problem, since the mounting hole placements on the rack should be pretty common amongst different brands of racks.The problem is the power strip is 1.5" wide and thus, the brackets need 3/4" clearance on either side.  I have a shelf mounted on the rack, and the distance from the edge of that shelf to the center of the mounting hole is 3/8".  The center of the mounting bracket needs to be shifted another 3/8" to the outside, in order for the power strip to rest snuggly against the shelf.  The brackets do have a crosshair cutout, but the channels aren\'t quite wide enough to fit the rackmount screws through them.  As is, you have about 1/8" of wiggle room in mounting the bracket.  If you don\'t use the supplied washer and dremel just the slightest bit of metal away from the crosshair\'s channel that you\'re using, you\'ll be able to fit the mounting screw in the channel and get another 1/8" of wiggle room.  Thus, I had to extend the channel another 1/8" to the edge in order to be able to mount the power strip right up against the shelf.  I can see no reason why the mounting brackets couldn\'t have been manufactured like this in the first place.',
      'overall': 4.0,
      'summary': 'perfect size for vertical mount in a 6 ft high rack',
      'unixReviewTime': 1317081600,
      'reviewTime': '09 27, 2011'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A1V35PC4BBVUAU',
      'asin': 'B00004Y2ZF',
      'reviewerName': 'HershonJones',
      'helpful': [5, 11],
      'reviewText': 'This is totally unsolicited from me but be aware Amazon.com is currently offering a great deal with a rebate on this, (...)It definately improves my HD Picture & improves audio sound as well. I wish I could explain technically why it does this but I can\'t, just consider this a blessing. In response to HD picture, on my 2003 48" Widescreen Mitsubishi HD TV, it made the HD TV picture crisper & richer, and turned an already "A" HD picture into an A+. In regards to audio, if you plug your receiver into the "CD" slot on it in the digital filter section instead of the slot marked A/V receiver in the analogue section & your subwoofer in a seperate standard (cheap) surge protector not the 3500 (don\'t plug your sub into the back of your receiver either when the receiver is plugged into the 3500), the sound is also more richer, stronger/pokier & had more of a soundstage. If however you plug your receiver into the receiver spot & the sub in to the 3500, the sound is actually weakened. Oh, in regards to the lED lights. All you have to do is just put this in an area where you can\'t see it.Anyway, this is definately worth getting. Looks good too.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Buy It It Really Does Improve HD Picture & Audio Sound',
      'unixReviewTime': 1136592000,
      'reviewTime': '01 7, 2006'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A1VZUV445KQN8N',
      'asin': 'B00009KIYL',
      'reviewerName': 'Ex_4wd',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'Works fine, modem connects to Airport Extreme Base Station...Base Station to switch for desktop and three laptops when wired access is a must.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Gigabit Switch',
      'unixReviewTime': 1283040000,
      'reviewTime': '08 29, 2010'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A27QSWKPPGVMSZ',
      'asin': 'B00009R6V0',
      'reviewerName': 'Kamakea',
      'helpful': [1, 6],
      'reviewText': 'Of the Canon consumer lenses the 28-135 MM may be one of their best and most useful lenses, a great value for the price: practical everyday focal range, good IS, fast focusing, quiet USM, and decent IQ. Lens build is not up to highest Canon standards--my lens has a little bit of shaky feel, but still operates well and USM works smoothely. I also have a 17 - 40 MM f/4 L and a 70 - 200 MM f/4L IS USM Canon lenses, which I are both incredible and superior. However until I can afford a $1,000+ Canon 24 - 70 MM f/2.8 USM L  or 24 - 105 MM f/4 L IS telephoto, the 28 - 135 MM is a capable walk around lens.If you cannot afford the much more expensive Canon L mid rage telephotos--the 28- 135 is the next best thing. The EW78BII Lens hood is a useful accessory as is a good UV filter and B+W polarizer.',
      'overall': 4.0,
      'summary': 'Good everyday lens - but not an L Lens',
      'unixReviewTime': 1211673600,
      'reviewTime': '05 25, 2008'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A1ODOGXEYECQQ8',
      'asin': 'B000233WJ6',
      'reviewerName': 'Nuknuk',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'Simple but quite useful product.I have a UPS and a few powerstrips in the house. They are great by providing more outlets. But with all the power adapters that runs most of the gadgets today, even one of those power adapters can cover 2 to 3 outlets which defeats the purpose of having a powerstrip. The liberator solves that problem.Also, some power adapters can be huge and heavy that its weight alone tends to loosen it from the wall, the liberator serves as a little extension to prevent it from loosening up. Loose connections are dangerous, it can produce sparks that not only can ruin your equipments but can even starts a fire. Countertop receptacles can also be problematic where they are awkwardly situated sideways.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'A Simple Invention That Is Quite Useful',
      'unixReviewTime': 1219968000,
      'reviewTime': '08 29, 2008'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A55GIBH557294',
      'asin': 'B00004WCIC',
      'reviewerName': 'Spencer',
      'helpful': [9, 9],
      'reviewText': "I love this little remote. It just works for me.  After reading the reviews for this little remote, I was convinced that I needed to get one.The remote works well that I can get into the picture as well, rather than be the one taking the pictures all the time :) I haven't experienced any of the problems that some people say, such as the camera not responding to the remote in some angles, maybe they are using the remote with a super super wide lens.All in all, this remote works a 100% for me, just don't forget that it's attached to your camera.  When I first bought this remote, I kept forgeting that it was with me cause it was so small.Have fun getting into the shots as well!!",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': "Don't forget you have it with you!!!",
      'unixReviewTime': 1147910400,
      'reviewTime': '05 18, 2006'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A3N5Z38QYJT817',
      'asin': 'B00013D5JY',
      'reviewerName': 'J. A. Thomas',
      'helpful': [9, 10],
      'reviewText': '',
      'overall': 3.0,
      'summary': 'Sturdy, but not as practical as it could be',
      'unixReviewTime': 1271289600,
      'reviewTime': '04 15, 2010'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A3PPPYFU3WD5NZ',
      'asin': 'B00006L7RV',
      'reviewerName': 'P. Chebib',
      'helpful': [3, 3],
      'reviewText': 'I have this pair powered by an HK 3490 (120 wpc) and hooked to a Polk PSW 505 (300-450 w) Subwoofer for stereo listening. Transport is Logitech Squeezebox duet, via optical. streams form Pandora mainly. Sound is excellent, the combinantion is perfect. They fill the room with clear and pristine sound. Nice combinantion. (Room is 20#25, 10 ft ceiling, wood floor).With CD player (Pioneer PD-F1009) the music never sounded better. No regrets.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'PSW505, HK3490, Bose 301 V in 2.1 Stereo Setup',
      'unixReviewTime': 1329091200,
      'reviewTime': '02 13, 2012'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A33TOPZMOEH0HO',
      'asin': 'B00005T3BD',
      'reviewerName': 't229',
      'helpful': [0, 1],
      'reviewText': 'I know very little about surround sound equipment, my theater guy recommended this product and it sounds good to me.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'good',
      'unixReviewTime': 1285459200,
      'reviewTime': '09 26, 2010'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A24EEOX3EU13HX',
      'asin': 'B000067RVL',
      'reviewerName': 'Ronald J Davis',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'Basic cables, Amazon gave the best price. What can you say? In all things after viewing the price in the store I check Amazon to see if they are offering a comparable product. 9 times out of 10 they are with a better price which is why I use them with my Prime Membership.',
      'overall': 4.0,
      'summary': 'Why',
      'unixReviewTime': 1393804800,
      'reviewTime': '03 3, 2014'},
     {'reviewerID': 'AQWRVVG5JILNA',
      'asin': 'B00006JKWX',
      'reviewerName': 'M. Carreon "Audio Visualization"',
      'helpful': [1, 2],
      'reviewText': "Not much to tell here, bought this cable to replace another Monster brand cable I gave to my dad. Needless to say, i ended up giving him the better cable without realizing it. Since I haven't used any other brand other than Monster for fiber Cable, I really can't say if there is a difference or not. As I do have a large stereo receiver that pushes a lot of sound, I opt for Monster. I do work in a field that uses fiber optic cabling and am aware of difference in quality of cabling. Needless to say, I'll stick with Monster when it comes to fiber cables.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Monster Quality without the  Monster Price',
      'unixReviewTime': 1316563200,
      'reviewTime': '09 21, 2011'},
     {'reviewerID': 'AEHUQHN0995HR',
      'asin': 'B00009R8EK',
      'reviewerName': 'Weimin Z.',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "The price of the battery is better than the local Fry's and it's working well in my Toshiba cord less phone. Highly recommend.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'It works',
      'unixReviewTime': 1378857600,
      'reviewTime': '09 11, 2013'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A3UQSOJW51UU9T',
      'asin': 'B00009UTL1',
      'reviewerName': 'BrianD',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "I received exactly what was ordered, a real Stroboframe and not a knock off.  It's anodized metal. The price was right.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Legitimate',
      'unixReviewTime': 1355184000,
      'reviewTime': '12 11, 2012'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A11VE57S981395',
      'asin': 'B0001N3ZRQ',
      'reviewerName': 'pfred4peace "pfred4peace"',
      'helpful': [26, 27],
      'reviewText': "This case is great for dvd's.  It is easy to slip the covers (fold in half) into the slot.  Also, holds 2 disks, which makes it convenient for the dvd extras disk. Unfortunately, it is the prosleeve style, which makes it difficult to move around the sheets.  I have decided to order more and just type a titles and volume page to more easily locate the dvd's in each case.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Suitable for DVDs not easily expandable/organizable',
      'unixReviewTime': 1125187200,
      'reviewTime': '08 28, 2005'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A10LVI0QQ1M7WR',
      'asin': 'B00005LEN4',
      'reviewerName': 'Tinker',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "I didn't buy this for the low price; I bought it for its quality at a now deeply discounted price.  It's often reviewed as producing better results than the G-version and that's what mattered to me.But OMG.  Right out of the box it was falling apart.  After a cursory look for dust and grease, and for  anything else obviously wrong, I put on a Hoya protective filter and it felt loose.  I took the filter off and tried again.  I don't torque filters to a lens, I handle them both gently, and thought I hadn't engaged the threads properly or that I hadn't tightened the filter all the way.  I tried three times, being increasingly careful each time, and it still felt loose.  Only as I was removing it for the fourth time did I see that the barrel of the lens at the objective side was what was loose and jiggling-around.A 50mm PRIME lens that can't hold the lens elements in alignment is slightly more useful than a cardboard toilet-paper tube, and the test images proved that.Rats!  I'm sure these are made in huge quantities and one or two bad ones are bound to get through - you can't test each and every lens - but I still feel that it shouldn't have been possible for a defect of this nature to get through.Look at it carefully when you open the box and when you buy online, only use vendors like Amazon who make it easy to return a defective item.NOTE:  I also purchased a 70-300 Nikkor with a Vibration Reduction system that didn't work (diagnosed by Nikon USA who were very helpful).  Nikon wanted me to send the lens to tem for repair and/or replacement, but since it was new and I would have had to pay to send it to Nikon, I sent it back to Amazon, too.  Waiting on the replacement.  Perhaps the gods of photography are telling me they don't want me to get involved again in SLR photography...",
      'overall': 3.0,
      'summary': 'Defnitely a bad sample',
      'unixReviewTime': 1352851200,
      'reviewTime': '11 14, 2012'},
     {'reviewerID': 'AI1R509LYLMYR',
      'asin': 'B00005T3C8',
      'reviewerName': 'Payntrain',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'I used these as my rear surround, and they work great. Super sound, and easy install. I would purchase these for the fronts as well if I did not order Klipsch floor standers.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Fantastic',
      'unixReviewTime': 1325548800,
      'reviewTime': '01 3, 2012'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A1RRKK1SL994TQ',
      'asin': 'B00004ZCJE',
      'reviewerName': 'Norris Klesman "ifallsguy"',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'great protection for your expensive lens.  Protects against scratches and helps to keep dirt and dust off the lens.  Good price',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Protect your expensive lens',
      'unixReviewTime': 1384214400,
      'reviewTime': '11 12, 2013'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A246E1VYII6FTQ',
      'asin': 'B00018Q4GA',
      'reviewerName': 'Diego Potes',
      'helpful': [1, 2],
      'reviewText': "These speakers are very nice and sound great. One of the things that I could feedback Yamaha is that they should consider putting a bass reflex system for a deeper bass. The another thing is that the components on each speaker are no different, so doesn't matter if you place them either on the right or left when you supposed to manage right and left speaker. Here you cannot tell the difference but I think it doesn't make any.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Nice speakers for the price',
      'unixReviewTime': 1387756800,
      'reviewTime': '12 23, 2013'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A16T008XCSGTW2',
      'asin': 'B000062VUO',
      'reviewerName': 'A. Smith',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'I bought these for my office a year ago. I like them so much that I just ordered a second set for my home PC.I\'m a longtime fan of Klipsch, and they still exceeded my expectations. They don\'t just sound great compared to the crappy speakers that you get for free with a new computer-- they sound great, period. I\'ve heard many home stereos that aren\'t as good. I listen to all kinds of music, and these speakers do a great job of handling anything I can throw at them.I notice that a lot of reviews have complaints about the power switch being inconveniently located on the subwoofer. This is true, but there\'s really no need to shut them off during normal use. They don\'t draw any significant amount of power when they\'re not being used, and it won\'t hurt anything to leave them on. Mine have never been shut off in the year I\'ve had them.My only complaint is that the speaker wires use chintzy 1/8" headphone-style connectors, which don\'t make the best contact.  Occasionally one of the speakers will sound quiet and distorted, so I have to twist the plug back and forth to restore the connection. It\'s not a big deal, but it\'s odd considering everything else is so well designed.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Very impressive and highly recommended.',
      'unixReviewTime': 1219968000,
      'reviewTime': '08 29, 2008'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A3S1YIQQW7AZO',
      'asin': 'B000095SG3',
      'reviewerName': 'EMAN NEP',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'I doubt there are going to be any more people doing some serious shopping for a mere 3MP camera when you can get ones that offer double or triple, but I just felt compelled to comment on mine.I bought mine at the Balad PX in Iraq in 2004 and this camera is *still* working like new!In fact, this camera also doubled as my memory stick while I was in Iraq since I didn\'t have the money to buy a real one.I\'ve taken this camera to all my vacations, hot and cold temperature environments, etc.At first the picture quality was ok, but I soon figured out how to increase the image resolution in the menus and ever since I\'ve been happy with all the pictures I\'ve gotten out of it. Sure, the picture quality could always be better--but do I really need to see every pore and zit when I zoom in on someone\'s face? No.Three other advantages I see to this camera:1) Has a manual viewing aperture. I\'ve noticed that many of the newer cameras don\'t. Granted, I\'ve only had to use the manual viewer a few times, but it\'s still handy to have, especially when the environment is too bright to see the image in the digital window.2) Relatively light and compact. On my vacations I carry this camera in my cargo pocket and it\'s not too heavy as to be dragging my pants down.3) Uses 2x AA batteries. I see this as an advantage. My wife had an Olympus camera and was constantly having to charge it. So much easier to buy a pack of AA\'s (that fit nicely in a little camera carrying case), instead of those lithium-ion batteries where you need to pack a charger and possibly an adapter if you\'re going to go overseas. Why wait for your batteries to charge in your hotel room when you can buy some AAs on the streets of Turkey?When I think of all the electronic devices I\'ve owned over the years, this Panasonic Camera has outlived quite a bit. It\'s nice to see that a company can still make a product that you don\'t "use for one year and throw away". For that, Panasonic gets a huge thumbs up and can expect me to check out their newer cameras when this one bites the dust . . . if it ever does.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'SOLID AS A ROCK!',
      'unixReviewTime': 1264809600,
      'reviewTime': '01 30, 2010'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A1II22AK2UEFAA',
      'asin': 'B00005Y3OM',
      'reviewerName': 'S. Hoffman "&#34;Evel&#34;"',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "It was packaged from Nikon...refurbished, and works great. The only thing is that I'll need to spend the money on the VR lens eventually; at the zoomed level there will be blur if your camera doesn't do the VR thing on its own. Not dogging it, but wasn't too keen on spending as much as the camera for the VR lens, either. Shipped fast and in like-new condition. Recommend for the novice like myself!",
      'overall': 4.0,
      'summary': 'Great lens for those mid-range to somewhat long shots...',
      'unixReviewTime': 1392940800,
      'reviewTime': '02 21, 2014'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A2Y4PARPTSSO5S',
      'asin': 'B00017LSPI',
      'reviewerName': 'T. Miley',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "Works as advertised. If you get only one size, definitely get this larger one. Blows out a good amount of concentrated air. Would agree with other reviewers that it does indeed suck in air from the nozzle as well as the back - but that's fine. I blew out my camera and all my lenses - now my forearms are quite sore from the pumping action, so you'll also get a good workout.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Works Great',
      'unixReviewTime': 1302393600,
      'reviewTime': '04 10, 2011'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A3039A0S3TWLIV',
      'asin': 'B0000UV2AW',
      'reviewerName': 'Van OR',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'For the price, this product cannot be beat.  I use this in a race scanner and both me and my wife can listen to the same radio.  Much cheaper option than dropping another hundred bucks on a separate radio.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'For the price, buy it!',
      'unixReviewTime': 1341360000,
      'reviewTime': '07 4, 2012'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A3DGJMO6VPG6FJ',
      'asin': 'B00003CWDQ',
      'reviewerName': 'Wendy & Jeff S',
      'helpful': [0, 1],
      'reviewText': 'UPDATED REVIEW:Let me say - I\'m not a knee-jerk reactionary who goes around trashing products for no good reason. In fact, I get a little annoyed when people post 1-star reviews because they happened to get a 1 in a 1000 bad copy.Well, sometimes enough is enough. I ordered two of these and one was DOA as described in my original review. Hey, these things happen, right? So Amazon (not Monster) sent me a replacement. It worked. Forgive and forget. Well, because they were such a good deal, I ordered a third one. Unfortunately, I did not have a need to open it up and use it until today. Guess what? Another screaming piece of junk. 2 out of 3 DOA!  And of course it\'s far too late to send this one back. Monster\'s credibility has gone right down the toilet in my opinion (although I did also buy one of the big component boxes for my stereo rack and it has performed admirably, but I\'m done with their "power strip" models. 2 out of 3 defective units is just poor design and horrible quality control.So, there may be a reason the price of these has really fallen.Feel free to take a chance, you might get a deal, just make sure you test it as soon as you get it instead of sticking it in the closet like I did.ORIGINAL REVIEW (3.5 stars):Because of Monster\'s self-proclaimed reputation, it was a bit surprising to find that mine arrived DOA. In reading the reviews, it seems this is more common than it should be. After nearly killing myself on the horrible blister pack and hooking up all my equipment, I found that the alarm was always screaming when the unit was plugged in. It was NOT the electrical service in my house.It arrived on Saturday, so when I called their customer service number, naturally they were closed. So I took the easy way out and returned it to Amazon (AMAZING service. Reported on Saturday, UPS picked up the broken one on Monday, and new one was delivered on Tuesday. No hassle. Thanks, Amazon!) New one seems to work fine.Does it improve the video and sound quality of my (all digital) home theater? Who knows. I don\'t want to get into that debate, but I do feel you\'d have to have very high end equipment and ears to match, or have especially dirty electrical lines, or do a lot of analog in order to definitively tell.I wouldn\'t come close to paying MSRP, but at the fantastic price Amazon is selling these for, who cares? It\'s a nifty little device that offers a little extra peace of mind for only a couple of bucks more than a generic surge protected power strip.Note that it also protects your phone line (mine\'s VOIP, so it might not matter) and TV/Satellite cable. It includes a set of Monster cables for each (a claimed $27 value. I think it\'s an actual value of less than half that, but still, the cables alone make up for the price difference between this and an imitation power strip.) The stickers they give you for labeling your power cords is a nice touch too.Note: neither of the two I received was blue, as in the photo. It\'s dark on the bottom, and an odd halfway between gold and silver on the top. I would have slightly preferred the blue, but it\'s hiding behind the AV rack anyway.I\'m docking them a star because of the first piece of junk they sent, and I can\'t scientifically attest to the quality of the results, but based on their claims, the extra peace of mind, bonus cables, and low price, this is a great deal. I\'m going to buy a few more.',
      'overall': 1.0,
      'summary': 'Absolutely dreadful quality control! Beware!',
      'unixReviewTime': 1366675200,
      'reviewTime': '04 23, 2013'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A3GYE39CGWYJU',
      'asin': 'B00008WIX3',
      'reviewerName': 'Pam Murphy',
      'helpful': [1, 2],
      'reviewText': 'Nice size, good quality, good price.  Actually better than the old one that I threw away some time ago!Pam',
      'overall': 4.0,
      'summary': 'Good Product',
      'unixReviewTime': 1325548800,
      'reviewTime': '01 3, 2012'},
     {'reviewerID': 'AHKT9ALJ3T2Y3',
      'asin': '140053271X',
      'reviewerName': 'Mr. Okapi',
      'helpful': [1, 1],
      'reviewText': "While it doesn't have a light and its screen has been far surpassed by other readers throughout the years. However since it uses android you can easily root it and install apps that allows you to read Kindle books and pretty much anything else your heart desires. Even can play Angry Birds if you really wanted to.",
      'overall': 4.0,
      'summary': 'Great ebook reader and easily hackable',
      'unixReviewTime': 1381708800,
      'reviewTime': '10 14, 2013'},
     {'reviewerID': 'AI97HSVGM378S',
      'asin': 'B00007GQLU',
      'reviewerName': 'Mark',
      'helpful': [2, 2],
      'reviewText': 'This lens is great for taking portraits outdoors - one, two, three people.  The 1.8 here is awesome and this lens has beautiful bokeh.Also for low-light at performances, I prefer taking medium distance shots with this versus a zoom with IS.  The lens is crystal clear. If you crop the shot, you still have a lot of information.  Couple that with some nice noise reduction software and you can get great shots of indoor performances.Many of my best shots have come from this lens.Because it is small for an 85mm (approx 135mm on cropped sensor cameras), it doesn\'t freak people out when you are using it and pointing it in their direction so it can be very nice for candid or, at least, "comfortable" shots.  They don\'t realize how close you are.Frequently I take a Tamron 17-50mm and this lens with me as a two-lens combination.You will not be able to use it for everything because it is a narrow field of view - especially on a cropped sensor.  But what it does do, it does like magic.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Absolutely wonderful portrait lens',
      'unixReviewTime': 1246320000,
      'reviewTime': '06 30, 2009'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A3IBANOZ5GRI3A',
      'asin': 'B000092YQW',
      'reviewerName': 'chazas "chazas"',
      'helpful': [0, 3],
      'reviewText': "I bought these for gym use with my MP3 player, but I really didn't like them and have returned them.  Bass was strong, almost overpowering.  Midrange seemed quiet by comparison.  Upper ranges were kind of tinny sounding to my (non-audiophile) ear.They were comfortable to wear sitting still, but the weight of the plug, combined with workout sweat, made the left phone keep losing its seal.  The cord was strongly microphonic - I couldn't stand using it on the eliptical trainer without weaving the cord down my back under my shirt to keep it from bouncing around.I know these are inexpensive phones, but their quality pales in comparison to my over-the-ear open Sennheiser PX-100s, which cost just a bit more.",
      'overall': 2.0,
      'summary': 'I returned them',
      'unixReviewTime': 1080086400,
      'reviewTime': '03 24, 2004'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A189TQGLN9IERW',
      'asin': 'B00004U4MT',
      'reviewerName': 'Thomas Samuel',
      'helpful': [2, 2],
      'reviewText': 'Excellent item that protects my digital camera well; Has nice sized external pocket to carry extra batteries (4 AA) and extra memory card. Very durable and still looks new after 2.5 years of use. Have taken it to India/Abu Dhabi & back as well as all over the US and still hold up well.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Superbly does the job...',
      'unixReviewTime': 1157673600,
      'reviewTime': '09 8, 2006'},
     {'reviewerID': 'AE93PR77YBAE7',
      'asin': 'B0000AI0OE',
      'reviewerName': "Renee'",
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'I have not used this for more than testing it. It maintained a bright light on a 100 W bulb while testing it for several minutes. I trust this name over Johnny-come-lately makers who were making mobile sound equipment last week.',
      'overall': 4.0,
      'summary': 'Good brand name',
      'unixReviewTime': 1392768000,
      'reviewTime': '02 19, 2014'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A3DR6YUQBPDD7I',
      'asin': 'B00004YKDT',
      'reviewerName': 'pdot "pdot"',
      'helpful': [2, 4],
      'reviewText': "this battery provides a good amount of power considering its rather small size. however, when being charged, the battery produces an easily audible whine. At least you'll know it's done charging once the whining noise is gone.",
      'overall': 4.0,
      'summary': 'whiny little guy',
      'unixReviewTime': 994636800,
      'reviewTime': '07 9, 2001'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A2RHXL27SZWY57',
      'asin': 'B00005T406',
      'reviewerName': 'Jules',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "Too bad Logitech don't make these any more because this mouse is AMAZING! I was starting to develop cubital tunnel syndrome & it was recommended that I try a trackball mouse. In a matter of a week the discomfort in my elbow & arm pretty much faded. What a relief! Definitely recommend!",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Great!',
      'unixReviewTime': 1402531200,
      'reviewTime': '06 12, 2014'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A3DJ8AYO6A6STK',
      'asin': 'B0001VNN6G',
      'reviewerName': 'caleb',
      'helpful': [9, 24],
      'reviewText': "well I bought this cam to match my  logitech keyboard and mouse...well it looked real cool  and logitech gave a  great description saying how it's  got clear picture and watever.Well the camera has an xxxxtremely grainy picture and to be real  the camera isn;t worth it... BEWARE",
      'overall': 2.0,
      'summary': 'not what it seems',
      'unixReviewTime': 1101859200,
      'reviewTime': '12 1, 2004'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A27FPNDI7H9WFZ',
      'asin': 'B00004VX39',
      'reviewerName': 'Randy J. Bye "Bike Camper"',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "Don't know what to say it's a case. Ths GPS fits in it, and it holds the device firmly. No issues with it falling out.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': '????',
      'unixReviewTime': 1366329600,
      'reviewTime': '04 19, 2013'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A36HNQ03UB0UXY',
      'asin': 'B00004Z5M1',
      'reviewerName': 'Monkey Boy',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "Seems like it's a legit Belkin wire based on the package.  Works as expected.  Great Price. Fast Shipping.  I would have spent more on gas driving to the store to pick one up.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'seems like a normal wire, great price, fast shipping',
      'unixReviewTime': 1320969600,
      'reviewTime': '11 11, 2011'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A3P6ZDPD3GI6EP',
      'asin': 'B0001DKQXC',
      'reviewerName': 'dwmusic',
      'helpful': [2, 2],
      'reviewText': "I owned a 2.1 megapixal Olympus - loved it! I bought the 410 - hated it! It takes terrible pictures indoors, great pictures outdoors. I worked and struggled with this camera for 2 years and then threw in the towel and bought a Canon A620. I love, love love it! It just works! In every situation. It's easy and intuitive to use.",
      'overall': 2.0,
      'summary': 'A Big Disappointment',
      'unixReviewTime': 1159401600,
      'reviewTime': '09 28, 2006'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A315F6UQECRY65',
      'asin': 'B0000BZ2WA',
      'reviewerName': 'UMADragon',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'I have a G5 Mac with OS 10.4 and it only has 2 USB ports on the back and one on the front. I plugged it in and did NOT install the software as other reviewers with Macs said they had problems if they did.  My system picked it up just fine and it works like a charm.  It actually took longer to get it out of the packaging than it did to install it.  Good cheap way to get more USB ports.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': "Does what it's supposed to.  Gave me more USB ports",
      'unixReviewTime': 1317772800,
      'reviewTime': '10 5, 2011'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A1MV3EBWBUI0X',
      'asin': 'B00006JINY',
      'reviewerName': 'PopPop "PopPop"',
      'helpful': [12, 13],
      'reviewText': 'The fact that it is a 7 to 15X optical Zoom binocular makes this $40 item a bargain. Bushnell has good optics. This pair is very light weight.  It has a small size and small case to go with it.  Everybody needs a set for sports or birdwatching or sightseeing on a trip. Buy it.',
      'overall': 4.0,
      'summary': 'Bushnell Binocs do the job',
      'unixReviewTime': 1223251200,
      'reviewTime': '10 6, 2008'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A1XBPZK8KCROZS',
      'asin': 'B00005I9PF',
      'reviewerName': 'D. Gage "D. Gage"',
      'helpful': [5, 5],
      'reviewText': "Ditto the rest on memory and battery usage... I get around 50 1600x1200 shots with my 64MB memory stick... and around 45 minutes from the lith-ion battery (using flash and the view screen on every shot)...My only criticism is the need to use the flash on every shot... Pictures are just too dark without it... I'm sure they would be fine with light directed at the target.  But this is the same with every other camera I have seen...What really makes this camera stand out is the ability to view pictures as thumbnails in the built in mini screen... as well as some basic zooming and cropping features built right into the camera interface (no PC needed for this)!",
      'overall': 4.0,
      'summary': 'Great thumbnail features in viewscreen',
      'unixReviewTime': 1010880000,
      'reviewTime': '01 13, 2002'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A1A8Q7LYKJ7B9Z',
      'asin': 'B00009ZY5C',
      'reviewerName': 'ChgoJerry',
      'helpful': [0, 3],
      'reviewText': "I'm sorry I cannot figure how it would work without a way to plug it into something? It doen't work with my Ghost Box, and I can't hook it up w/anything else either",
      'overall': 2.0,
      'summary': 'one hunk of junk',
      'unixReviewTime': 1339804800,
      'reviewTime': '06 16, 2012'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A3VT9VE8JYA0LI',
      'asin': 'B00004SABB',
      'reviewerName': 'Samuel',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "These binoculars look like a quality product. It's nice and compact. For the size, I was surprised how far I could see through it. This product can be used in a number fun activities like hiking or shooting targets. It can also be a nice addition to a survival kit--whether it's for practical reasons or apocalypse survival. For the price, this is a great product. I highly recommend it.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Nice to have',
      'unixReviewTime': 1357776000,
      'reviewTime': '01 10, 2013'},
     {'reviewerID': 'AHXP4XY8NOCEZ',
      'asin': 'B000165F26',
      'reviewerName': 'Hawaiian sun "A frequent purchaser"',
      'helpful': [1, 1],
      'reviewText': 'I had to return this item.The sensor would only pick up movement in a three foot range which is completely unsuitable for alert purposes',
      'overall': 1.0,
      'summary': 'defective item',
      'unixReviewTime': 1261008000,
      'reviewTime': '12 17, 2009'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A3UMZ8DDGIC0DO',
      'asin': 'B0000A2QBP',
      'reviewerName': 'Doc',
      'helpful': [1, 1],
      'reviewText': 'did not even last 2 months. you have to hold on to the plug firmly for both speakers to work.  the moment you leave it the connection is loose and only one speaker plays. I used it to connect my iphone 4s, to my yamaha reciever',
      'overall': 1.0,
      'summary': 'keep away',
      'unixReviewTime': 1363132800,
      'reviewTime': '03 13, 2013'},
     {'reviewerID': 'ATOYDAVYCK23O',
      'asin': 'B000067SMH',
      'reviewerName': 'ComfyShoeMaven',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "We connected our laptop to our TV, and it works great.  The picture is sharp, and I have no complaints about the quality.However, while six feet sounds like a lot, it really isn't. The laptop is very close to the TV, and we didn't have any cable to spare so that we could put it entirely in back of the TV. So, we have this ugly, black cable snakng around the front of the TV. I haven't checked, but if there's a 10 foot cable, you might want to consider getting that instead.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Works Great, But a Little Short',
      'unixReviewTime': 1319241600,
      'reviewTime': '10 22, 2011'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A3PW4EWMNEMAEK',
      'asin': 'B0000A0AEM',
      'reviewerName': 'cityToCountry "wang"',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'Got these as an inexpensive pair for the country living room. We have a large back area overlooking a woodsy area and a ravine.  Tons of birds and while not a bird watcher wanted a pair to check out the bird activity for us and our visitors without a huge investment.Handy to keep on a shelf, cover keeps from getting them dusty.  Easy to adjust and very good image.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Bird watching and stand by',
      'unixReviewTime': 1402876800,
      'reviewTime': '06 16, 2014'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A1CEZ46FML9HOJ',
      'asin': 'B0001DZ38U',
      'reviewerName': 'Ex Machina',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'Not sure why I thought it would be smaller, on reflection, but the pouch makes it easy to attache to your belt. Like others have mentioned, this is not god for closer objects, which suits me just fine. Works great, especially considering the price.',
      'overall': 4.0,
      'summary': 'Bigger than expected',
      'unixReviewTime': 1356912000,
      'reviewTime': '12 31, 2012'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A2G2DXPFZKG48W',
      'asin': 'B00004XOYF',
      'reviewerName': 'Audio Maven',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "This a great product. I have had mine for over 5 years. Still going strong. Recently found these work great with the mac and itunes. Real drag and drop of files to and from it. As a musician the recording feature on this is great. I use is as a notepad for musical ideas. Then plug it into my mac, and drag the recorded files into itunes which plays them perfectly. It's just getting better with age. Buy one if you can find it.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'getting better with age - great for musician',
      'unixReviewTime': 1193184000,
      'reviewTime': '10 24, 2007'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A1NHV6PPZY45FD',
      'asin': 'B00001WRSJ',
      'reviewerName': 'Larry',
      'helpful': [3, 3],
      'reviewText': "After having my MDR-V6 headphones for six months I think I can finally give a review of them.PRO - Flat, accurate sound from low to high that gets smoother the more I use them.Reasonably light weight for their size.Generally well built except for the exposed wire leading to each earpiece.The low impedence allows me to use the V6 with my retro portable CD players (one of them only uses 1 AA battery) with good sound volume. No need at all for an amplifier.CON - When putting the headphones on, my fingers sometimes get caught in the exposed wires leading to each can. I've learned that when one of my fingers can't let go of the headphones after putting them on, to stop and gently pull whichever finger is caught out of the wire loop lest I rip the wire out of the can.The pleather earpads that come with the V6s tended to make my ears REALLY hot and sweaty in summer weather. I replaced them with a pair of Beyerdynamic Velour Padded Earcushions for the DT-250 from B&H; Photo. Big improvement in comfort and sound quality, especially comfort. The Beyerdynamic pads are cooler and more transparent to sound than the pleather pads that come with the V6s. I should have ordered the Beyerdynamic pads at the same time I ordered the V6 phones and replaced the original pads immediately. When i get my backup MDR-V6 I'm going to do just that.Summary - If your taste in sound tends towards flat, uncolored accuracy (as does mine) and you don't want to spend loads of $, then the MDR-V6 is the one. Bassheads probably should look elsewhere.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Well worth the $',
      'unixReviewTime': 1218844800,
      'reviewTime': '08 16, 2008'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A3EW2L59UBHQSG',
      'asin': 'B00005S0M5',
      'reviewerName': 'Bruce Aguilar',
      'helpful': [2, 2],
      'reviewText': 'I\'ve had my iPod for just over two months now and I LOVE it.  Being able to carry around all my music in one easy to handle device is devine!  And now with the updated iPod software you can can shoose between 20 EQ presets and store addresses in the iPod as well!  Talk about an all in one device!But I think my favorite feature (aside from it\'s slim, gorgeous design) is the FireWire connection.  987 songs took about 10 minutes to transfer from my mac to the iPod.  I\'ve also transferred Quick Time and share ware files from my computer to another using just the iPod.  That 5 GB drive comes in quite handy when wanting to share big files!Tip:  The iPod comes out of the box wrapped in a plastic film.  Don\'t throw it away!  Carefully take the iPod out and put it back into the case so that the words "Don\'t steal music" are over the jog dial.  Now, with a pair of scissors, carefully score the plactic around the jog dial, headphone jack and hold button and remove the pieces.  Now you\'ve got  a free case that keeps your iPod free from scratches but doesn\'t hide it\'s beautiful design!',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'iPod, uPod, we ALL pod!',
      'unixReviewTime': 1023753600,
      'reviewTime': '06 11, 2002'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A2CUYA5LG3194Q',
      'asin': 'B00004WCIC',
      'reviewerName': 'Ravi',
      'helpful': [2, 2],
      'reviewText': 'It is small enough to be always attached to the cord of my SLR and not be intrusive. Range would be about 10 feet - after that its touch & go. But all in all a very convenient way to take pictures with a tripod.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Use it with Canon 450D/Xsi. Very convenient',
      'unixReviewTime': 1245196800,
      'reviewTime': '06 17, 2009'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A3W4PFJ086E49S',
      'asin': 'B00009RA60',
      'reviewerName': 'thelaibon',
      'helpful': [7, 8],
      'reviewText': "I travel with this, as I am a DJ and a club I play at a club that dishes a steady 126V, and this overvoltage has sent my Pioneer CDJ-1000 players to the shop 4+ times before realizing what the culprit was. Been using this for almost a year and it has solved the problem. The construction of this is not terrific IMO, as it cracked within a few months (again, I travel with it, which I would think is an unusual application for this product). A bit of duct tape and it's holding solid. Also, the output voltage selector switch snapped off from travel also, but I affixed it onto my chosen output voltage of 120. I am still very satisfied with this product, as I'm sure that if I used it in my house where it were uncompromised, it would be in flawless shape.",
      'overall': 4.0,
      'summary': 'Pleased.',
      'unixReviewTime': 1263340800,
      'reviewTime': '01 13, 2010'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A1T4C041IHH5QN',
      'asin': 'B0001LS3EI',
      'reviewerName': 'C.N,',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'The plastic at the joint easily comes apart and unhinges itself from the bottom section. I wish I would have gotten a fixed right angle USB instead. It is still usable just really annoying when it comes unhinged.',
      'overall': 2.0,
      'summary': 'Easily breaks',
      'unixReviewTime': 1331769600,
      'reviewTime': '03 15, 2012'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A1K2RV81XU6XUC',
      'asin': 'B00004SABJ',
      'reviewerName': 'Bruce D. Davis "Eternally vigilant"',
      'helpful': [1, 1],
      'reviewText': "Very impressive performance for the price! They do better than expected in lowlight conditions, the lenses don't fog (yet!) and the carrying case is anadded extra. I might buy another pair for my sons.",
      'overall': 4.0,
      'summary': 'Very nice binoculars',
      'unixReviewTime': 1337644800,
      'reviewTime': '05 22, 2012'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A208LW6OVJNISG',
      'asin': 'B000068P8W',
      'reviewerName': 'A. Purvis "chinsbob"',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "I like this product!  Easy on, easy off, no streaking.  Microfiber cloth is very nice and doesn't pill.  I got some for home and liked it so much I got some for my library's computers.  It effortlessly gets off the layers of gunk that can build up quickly on publicly shared computer screens.  Nothing I've tried works as well.  Plus, it doesn't have an overwhelming chemical odor to it like so many other screen cleaners.I always read one-star reviews first, so I know some people have had issues with this product.  But it works great for me.  Highly recommend!",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'This stuff really works!',
      'unixReviewTime': 1309824000,
      'reviewTime': '07 5, 2011'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A2IIAQ7VVAHXTD',
      'asin': 'B00001WRSJ',
      'reviewerName': 'O. Guzman',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'If you love the MDR-7506s, you will love the V6s.  I was hesitant to switch but after many promising years with my 7506s, I did not feel alienated with the V6 headphones.  If I had $350 to spend on headphones, I would still get these any day of the week.  Rich bass, excellent vocals, and pristine clear sound overall.  Anyone who works radio, podcasts, or records music will want these.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Forget the Dre Beats, get these',
      'unixReviewTime': 1355702400,
      'reviewTime': '12 17, 2012'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A9AZEZ8LB8H1F',
      'asin': 'B00004ZC9V',
      'reviewerName': 'MichaelMPerez Com',
      'helpful': [1, 1],
      'reviewText': "Purchased two n/d filters (0.9 and 0.6) from Amazon.com Warehouse Deals.  They cost me less than half of what I would've paid if I bought new ones.  They arrived in perfect condition and work as I hope they would.  Will definitely continue to purchase filters from Warehouse Deals if they arrive the way these two did.  Very happy.  ~MichaelMPerez.com",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Works perfectly!',
      'unixReviewTime': 1348272000,
      'reviewTime': '09 22, 2012'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A2UCOSEHTW6I0H',
      'asin': 'B0000AKVJC',
      'reviewerName': 'Eddie Konczal',
      'helpful': [3, 3],
      'reviewText': "Did you get a new digital camera or other new gadget that requires a Secure Digital Card rather than your old, trusty CompactFlash Card? Don't worry; SanDisk offers this efficient, economical storage device.  For less than $45 (as of this writing), you get 512 MB - that's half a gigabyte - of storage for your data.  Just plug the SanDisk SDSDB-512-A10 Secure Digital Card into your compatible device and you're on your way.I've been using mine successfully for over 7 months now, with no data loss or any other problems.  I still have photos on my camera from last Christmas; I'm not even near capacity on this card.It looks like SanDisk has produced another winner in the realm of portable storage devices.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Another winner in the realm of portable storage devices',
      'unixReviewTime': 1123718400,
      'reviewTime': '08 11, 2005'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A1ILWPH1GHUXE2',
      'asin': 'B00004X0ZI',
      'reviewerName': 'JB',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'I have two smaller Tamrac Digital series bags, and have been very pleased with the construction, looks, and convenience of them.  I am likewise impressed with the Tamrac 5696 Digital 6 bag.Unfortunately, despite Amazon\'s description that this is "built for larger digital cameras and smaller digital camcorders," I will have to return the bag as it is too small to fit my Panasonic camcorder and accessories.  The camcorder itself (Panasonic HDC-TM700K Hi-Def Camcorder) fits OK, but there really isn\'t enough room left over to hold the AC battery charger plus cord, a component video and/or HDMI cable, extra battery, and camcorder remote.  I ended up getting aLowepro Camera/Camcorder Bag (EX-140)at a local store which is about 1" taller and 1" wider and has enough extra room to carry the TM700K plus accessories comfortably.  (Amazon\'sLowepro Adventura 140 Camera Caseappears to have dimensions similar to the EX-140.)So just a suggestion to consider not just the camera or camcorder you\'ll be carrying but also the accessories you need to bring.  If it all fits in the 5696 then this bag is a solid choice.',
      'overall': 4.0,
      'summary': 'Great bag, but may be a bit small for camcorder plus accessories',
      'unixReviewTime': 1270252800,
      'reviewTime': '04 3, 2010'},
     {'reviewerID': 'ARFLESOGLXAFD',
      'asin': 'B00005Q7DI',
      'reviewerName': 'Doc Dave "Doc Dave"',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "There are plenty of digital cameras that are smaller, lighter, more portable than this, but I wouldn't trade this camera for any of the newer models I've seen.  This one is really easy to use (especially for basic functions such as still photos, use of zoom, photo viewing, and file transfer) and the manual is well-written and easy to understand.  The picture quality is excellent, and to be honest is usually a lot better than I need.  I generally end up saving the files at much lower resolution than possible, and still get clear quality images.  Also an extremely durable camera in my experience...I have gone through many, but have been using this one for several years now, with no troubles beyond having to change the batteries once in a while.  Highly recommended.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'an excellent camera',
      'unixReviewTime': 1134345600,
      'reviewTime': '12 12, 2005'},
     {'reviewerID': 'ALAEX6Q8ZYQDM',
      'asin': 'B00005T3G0',
      'reviewerName': 'theincrediblehoek',
      'helpful': [1, 1],
      'reviewText': "Cannot complain about this product at all. The wire is well built, sturdy, and has some heft to it. I must profess that I'm not a big audiophile, and have recently gotten into this field however I am still very impressed with the quality of this cable. I've connected two big tower speakers that provide surround sound for my TV/PS3, and the sound coming out is wonderful.The price is great too, getting this at any other store like RadioShack will run you a TON of more money. Buy this product, and you won't be disappointed.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'No complaints',
      'unixReviewTime': 1356566400,
      'reviewTime': '12 27, 2012'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A2KS16UKOTDI5E',
      'asin': 'B00022AH6I',
      'reviewerName': 'FondelMaJunk "mackdaddymay"',
      'helpful': [4, 5],
      'reviewText': "I got this camera for Christmas 2004.  I immediately began snapping pictures with it.  It takes excellent pictures.  I had an earlier Kodak model that doesn't even compare to this.  The pictures are crisp and clear.  It is not a problem if people are moving around like it was with my old Kodak digital camera.  I would highly recommend this to anyone.  It is very easy to use also.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Excellent',
      'unixReviewTime': 1106870400,
      'reviewTime': '01 28, 2005'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A3UZHBHPWRB26X',
      'asin': 'B0000CBJ8K',
      'reviewerName': 'donarden "daten18"',
      'helpful': [6, 7],
      'reviewText': "This monitor is blindingly bright.  I spent several hours today working on a newsletter - my eyes hurt - my head hurts!  I usually spend several hours a day on the computer & I need a monitor that does not 'kill' my eyes.The brightness adjustment is virtually useless.  I have it turned down to 0 and it's still too bright except for just the top inch or two of the monitor.I will be returning this monitor & will get out my old crt until I can find an lcd monitor that is easier on my eyes.",
      'overall': 2.0,
      'summary': 'Too bright!',
      'unixReviewTime': 1095206400,
      'reviewTime': '09 15, 2004'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A2XZHXLDPD7KCK',
      'asin': 'B00009R8EK',
      'reviewerName': 'MickeyT "MickeyT"',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'This battery pack replaced one for my phone that even the manufacturer could not supply me with. I am very happy with it.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Perfect Fit',
      'unixReviewTime': 1353542400,
      'reviewTime': '11 22, 2012'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A81D41I3NMRFK',
      'asin': 'B0000BZL1P',
      'reviewerName': 'Kristle',
      'helpful': [1, 1],
      'reviewText': "What a solid, high quality product. As soon as I can afford it, I'm putting one of these suckers (or the equivalent size) on every lens I have. Does not hurt photo quality AT ALL! Great protection for my pricey glass. It fits like it's supposed to be there. Very Solid and part of the equipment. I couldn't be happier with it.Buy this yesterday; don't even waste your time on a cheap equivalent.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Wow, solid product!',
      'unixReviewTime': 1371081600,
      'reviewTime': '06 13, 2013'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A24QISDMR6855Q',
      'asin': 'B00007E7C8',
      'reviewerName': 'Jake Barlow',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "I read a lot of the reviews for this product before I bought these, and I have to agree with every positive review. The headphones are comfortable. I can wear them all day without my ears getting too hot. The sound is terrific - very rich in all the ranges I can hear. These are probably my favorite headphones I've ever owned.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Great sound and quality for the price',
      'unixReviewTime': 1379289600,
      'reviewTime': '09 16, 2013'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A17RFKCYS69M3Y',
      'asin': 'B00005T3DP',
      'reviewerName': 'Tall Paul',
      'helpful': [3, 3],
      'reviewText': "I bought this TV off Ebay and I'm blown away. You get the great clear crisp Sony picture for a great price. Sometimes Sony TV's can be hit or miss as far as reliability but they got it right on this model. The picture from a DVD player using the component inputs looks incredible.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Great Picture, Great Price',
      'unixReviewTime': 1104537600,
      'reviewTime': '01 1, 2005'},
     {'reviewerID': 'ANOEOHRLK11P0',
      'asin': 'B0002344GG',
      'reviewerName': 'D L',
      'helpful': [11, 11],
      'reviewText': "Being a splitter, this device is intended to split an optical signal output from a device (such as a DVD player or Satellite dish) to feed inputs on two devices such as amplifiers or receivers or a recorder.I am running out of a satellite receiver into this splitter and on one side is a 3 foot short TOSLINK into the front room receiver, then the other side is going into a 50 foot run into a bedroom receiver.Both receivers are getting sufficient signal to produce unhindered Dolby D PL IIx sound in both rooms simultaneously.As some of you know, digital is pretty much working or it is not working, and as such this little splitter both does the job and passes enough signal to drive the 50' run with no problems.This should not be confused with a switcher, because it outputs to the two sides equally and simultaneously, there is no switch in the unit. I understand from other reviews that it CAN be used as a 'combiner' to take two outputs and feed those into one device's input, but this is not what the device is intended to do, that's why it's not called a mixer. :-)Oh and be advised that you will need to use a TOSLINK cable out of your source to connect to the splitter; the splitter does not have a male end to plug directly into the source- all connections on this 27027 are female.The TOSLINK cables snap into the receptacles in the splitter and are held there as you'd like them to be. Cables To Go has a real winner here, for a great price.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Works exactly as intended, great price too.',
      'unixReviewTime': 1298332800,
      'reviewTime': '02 22, 2011'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A3VXY2S04DWJIW',
      'asin': 'B00009W3UF',
      'reviewerName': 'Christopher Leung',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'Don\'t be fooled by the price, these are some actually some decent filters. I\'m using the UV filter to simply protect the lens on my camera, but the polarizer is pretty darn good at filtering out glare and reflections.This "Twin Pack" is a simply aSunpak CF-7059-CP Camera Filterand aSunpak 58mm UV Camera Filter (CF-7034)box taped together.The filters themselves work great. The only minor issue is that the polarizer is slightly too tall for the hard plastic case it comes in, so the cover doesn\'t fit perfectly, but it still locks in place fine once you twist it.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Good set of filters',
      'unixReviewTime': 1336262400,
      'reviewTime': '05 6, 2012'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A19VW07IUHNV1R',
      'asin': 'B00009W3TY',
      'reviewerName': 'Amazon Customer',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'No question. I love my digital camera. I use it all the time. I have a regular big Tripod. But sometimes I just want to take a photo quickly, sitting down, with no fuss. This attaches in about 2 seconds, I aim it, I set the camera timing and Voila! done. I really, really like this little item.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'I am a photo nut.',
      'unixReviewTime': 1396656000,
      'reviewTime': '04 5, 2014'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A2V80K8RI924EJ',
      'asin': 'B00007IFED',
      'reviewerName': 'Gene Montgomery',
      'helpful': [5, 5],
      'reviewText': 'I ordered (also from Amazon) a Celestron 4 SE "GOTO" telescope and a few accessories for it. Due to the fact that NexStar scopes still use serial connections and most new laptops only have USB ports, this item was a necessity. After booting into Linux and connecting the adapter, I typed "dmesg | grep tty" to confirm that it was working, and it was. After entering the result ("/dev/ttyUSB0") into Stellarium\'s (excellent, free planetarium software) telescope plug-in, I was able to click on Jupiter in Stellarium and have the scope move to put it into view.As an added note, Windows Vista (which I seldom use) required that I download the driver from TrendNet, as it couldn\'t locate a driver on its own.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Perfect for Celestron NexStar Telescopes and Ubuntu Lucid Lynx',
      'unixReviewTime': 1283385600,
      'reviewTime': '09 2, 2010'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A2UMA3ZKBM9OLW',
      'asin': 'B00005AXHW',
      'reviewerName': 'Tommy in Texas',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "Bought these to replace a pair of compact (adjustable) nocs.  Wow, what a difference Perma-focus makes!!!  Like others have said at closer distances (less than 100 feet) objects are blurry so these are not a good choice for such use.  However, my main purpose is to watch my son's football games and they are perfect for this.  I opted for the 7x magnification and this seems to allow a reasonable field of view.  The case is &#34;pleather&#34; and isn't fancy but seems to be reasonable to protect them.  I have two complaints about them (thus the 4 stars instead of 5):1. The strap you put around your neck is way too narrow and is worthless.  Painful to allow them to hang and I have purchased a different strap from amazon.com to replace the original.2. I wish the eye cups were deeper thus allowing me to have them touch my face on the cheekbones and eyebrows as a reference point.  The cups are too shallow which means I have to hold them away from my face but without any touch it is hard to keep them steady. I compensate for this by using my index fingers as a kind of extended cup to be able to rest them to my head.  However, I wish they just had deeper cups or even a separate add-on item of cup extensions that I could purchase and place on the eye pieces.Overall I am pleased (and so is my wife who uses them occasionally during the games).",
      'overall': 4.0,
      'summary': 'Quite good!',
      'unixReviewTime': 1381968000,
      'reviewTime': '10 17, 2013'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A2ASEBCEN9ZWTZ',
      'asin': 'B000063BGY',
      'reviewerName': 'Mr. JKW "jkw"',
      'helpful': [15, 15],
      'reviewText': 'Overall, if you\'re looking for a flexible, easy-to-use, easy-to-learn digi-cam, the DX4900 from Kodak is a nice place to start.  It\'s basically a point and shoot camera that makes digital photography accessible even to non-techies.FEATURES:Digital Camera:  At it\'s highest resolution of 2272 X 1704 it can hold about 20 pictures or so.  The easy to review LCD screen gives you instant feedback on your pictures and helps you decide on the spot whether or not they are worth keeping.  You can add on another memory card to give you even more flexibility with the number of shots you can take.  Plus, at a whopping 4.0 megapixels, this camera is at the high-end of printing and picture resolution in the digi-cam market.  For quality pictures you\'ll want to stick to cameras at 3.0 megapixels or up, definitely no less than 2.0 megapixels.Easily Works With Your PC:The DX4900 connects easily with your PC and comes with transfer software so you can easily download, edit and e-mail your pictures and videos, thus allowing you to share your pictures easier with family and friends.NOTE:One of the most frustrating aspects about digi-cams are the "short-lives" of the batteries that come with them.  Batteries tend to die out quickly, especially if you use the LCD monitor on the camera (which is one of the best things about digi-cams).  Based on other reviews it seems that a lot of users have complained about the "power issues" with the DX series of cams (and other digi-cams as well).  You\'ll definitely want to invest in the Kodak EasyShare Camera Dock II which comes with rechargeable batteries and helps make the picture transfer process easier.My investment in the camera dock has helped keep my cameras (I own two) in tip-top working condition.  Trust me, if you plan to get good use of out your camera, invest in the camera dock and NI-MH rechargeable batteries.  It will save you a lot of frustration when your camera does not die out on you at an inopportune moment.THE VERDICT:Overall, if you need a nice, easy to use camera to record your everday (and not so everyday) moments, the DX4900 is a great camera to start with.  At 4.0 megapixels, the quality of your pictures will be the envy of your family and friends.  For everyday/normal/touristy use, this is just perfect.Highly Recommended',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Digital Photography Easier and Better Than Ever!!!',
      'unixReviewTime': 1040256000,
      'reviewTime': '12 19, 2002'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A19FNFZ8N0FBTF',
      'asin': 'B00006JQQ6',
      'reviewerName': 'E. M.',
      'helpful': [7, 7],
      'reviewText': "Buy this product through Amazon & get the lowest price then enjoy it. I'm using it as an editor. It has outstanding features & quality. I'm thinking of purchasing the DV Walkman as well to save my camera from double duty but will wait for the price to come down. You won't be dis-satisfied with these products.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Sony Digital 8mm Video Walkman',
      'unixReviewTime': 1163116800,
      'reviewTime': '11 10, 2006'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A1FU5KU7AG1XMW',
      'asin': 'B00009V4G9',
      'reviewerName': 'Rod',
      'helpful': [1, 1],
      'reviewText': 'A little bulky, however I didnt like the idea of just a neck strap.  This works well for the g-15 and I like it a lot better and it is easier to use than you might think.  You do have to get used to it though.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'For the g15',
      'unixReviewTime': 1374710400,
      'reviewTime': '07 25, 2013'},
     {'reviewerID': 'ALO4A66MPPLVL',
      'asin': 'B00008SCFL',
      'reviewerName': 'R. Owens',
      'helpful': [30, 34],
      'reviewText': "Well, I finally decided to go out and purchase a wireless router. Being that I did not want to spend very much, I opted for this one. This router provides a great list of features, just not out of the box.Size:Unlike Linksys or Microsoft routers which are larger and bulky, this router is small. It measures about 3 1/2&quot; long by 2 1/2&quot; wide by 1/2&quot; high. It's not something that I would put into a server case, but it is something that can be mounted on a wall or tucked away out of site very easily.Speed:With this router, I normally get anywhere between 48Mb to 54Mb connections throughout my entire home and even outside, with throughput being somewhere between 35-45Mb (most wireless routers average out about about 30 so this one is pretty good). The signal strength from the router is fairly strong and I have only dropped my signal once (see notes below). I use a  Xterasys brand PCMCIA card on my PC Laptop, Apple eXtreme G PC Cards on my G4 iMac and G5, and an Xterasys PCI card on my PC Desktop. All of them are 802.11G.Security:Out of the box, the device supports up to 128bit WEP encryption and has support for MAC Layer Address control. A New beta firmware out allows for WPA encryption. On the firewall side, the router uses the basic firewalls: NAT Translation and SPI.Reliability:After getting pass what is noted below, my router is very reliable. I have never experienced any kind of malfuntions or problems. My previous Linksys router may have locked up once every year. I have not had this router for a year yet, but I am expecting around the same.Ease of Use:Unlike a few control panels that I have seen, this router is much easier to use. Wireless encyption happens easily thanks to a WEP key generator (based on passphrases) and a wonderful manual. Other features of the device work just as well. The router seems to be more intelligent than other routers that I have used. For example, I am able to DCC in IRC or DirectIM in AIM without having to forward ports to a machine. A big plus.With all of those pros, there are also a list of cons as well.Firmware:This has to be one of my biggest cons about this router. The quality of firmware on this router reminds me of Linksys a few years ago (in which you waited about 3-6 months before updating your firmware).  Out of the box, the router worked great via the ports, but wireless was a different story. For one, when I attempted to connect wirelessly using my PC Laptop, everything worked great. Then, when I enabled encryption, I could remain connected for about 1 minute, then it would drop out. A minute later, it would come back. Then, the cycle would repeat itself. I decided to upgrade to the latest firmware (which to my surprise was two years newer than the one shipped with hit). The new firmware added new features such as the ability to disable SSID broadcasting. The new firmware fixed my dropping problem like a charm. But, when I dissabled SSID broadcasting, the same thing started happening. The only difference here was that I would drop and gain every second! Since I much rather not broadcast my SSID, I simply upgraded my PC's to the beta of SP2 and that fixed my problem there. My Macs did not have the same problem with the disabled SSID, but did have the same problem before I upgraded my firmware. Then, a new firmware came out which allowed for WPA encryption. Since I rather use WPA than WEP, I upgraded, only to find out that by doing that, wireless stopped working all together! Downgraded back, and everything worked again.Internet Performance:This one may just be me, but I have noticed that I get slower Internet performance wirelessly than I do wired... even when I'm next to my router. For example, I have a webserver that has files on it. I can download those files at around 150-200KB/s. When I connect to the router via ethernet, I can download at around 350-400KB/s.  Although I can live with both, this always bugs me because I should get the same speeds regardless.Specifications:One of the reasons I bought a G router was for the extra speed on devices that have G cards and the compatibility on my devices that have B cards. In the end, I upgraded everything to G. Why? Simply because this router has very poor Wi-Fi/Wi-Fi+ support. If I turn my router to 802.11B only, I get decent wireless B speeds (usually between 8-11Mb all the time). In 802.11G only mode, I usually get throughput speeds of about 35-45Mb all the time. But in mixed mode (G &amp; B support), I get about 2-4 Mb throughput all the time, regardless of if the device is G or B. This may be a firmware problem so I'll wait to see if a new one fixes that (while breaking something else).All and all, it wasn't a bad buy for $40. It does all that I need it to do and since everything is G now, it works pretty great. If you are looking for a starter router that will provide your wireless needs, this one will do the trick.",
      'overall': 4.0,
      'summary': 'Great Device... Just Not That Way Out Of The Box',
      'unixReviewTime': 1085270400,
      'reviewTime': '05 23, 2004'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A110VKXAVLAYKY',
      'asin': 'B0000ALLYO',
      'reviewerName': 'maverick75',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "It should have 5 just for the fact that Fuji still makes it and at an unbelievable price, but I just don't like the colors at all.They have a blue tint to it(from all 5 packs I've bought), sometimes I wish it was faster than ISO 100, I'd love 3000 but beggars cant be choosers!No matter the colors it's still really fun to shoot!",
      'overall': 4.0,
      'summary': 'Works great but colors are less than stellar.',
      'unixReviewTime': 1373673600,
      'reviewTime': '07 13, 2013'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A3775OP5VTX5ON',
      'asin': 'B00009KH63',
      'reviewerName': 'Coolkayaker "ck1"',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'Adore this product.  Must admit, my wireless mouse would chew up triple A\'s and mousepads, and this Kensington wired trackball does none of it.  As sure as Jodi Foster is a lesbian, this trackball saves my wrist from becoming a limp rag at the end of a long night of surfing.  Note that I have an issue with Windows Vista, as the programmable features of this trackball do not seem programmable. I even downloaded the newest driver from Kensigton.  But it still works, just cannot dial in the "go-tos" from the front two buttons.  But the scroll ring around the generous and heavy ball is superb and zippy.  I do think the ball has a tad too much wrist-ward tilt, but a small lift under the palm surface makes for an easy bromide.  I dig this trackball.  I can swing that cursor all over my dual screen extended view faster than you can say, "faster pussycat!"  A joy! Recommended.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Trackball Pro by Kensington, a convert.',
      'unixReviewTime': 1189382400,
      'reviewTime': '09 10, 2007'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A2BIK42AWW0BRH',
      'asin': 'B000068O3T',
      'reviewerName': 'C. Barnes',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "Works - but there's a background hum when using it.  But for the price, what do you expect? We use it on a electric keyboard so the kids can play and we don't have to listen!",
      'overall': 3.0,
      'summary': 'Does the job',
      'unixReviewTime': 1383696000,
      'reviewTime': '11 6, 2013'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A2NHWWMFU9RMSV',
      'asin': 'B0000C0XS0',
      'reviewerName': 'John A. Oathout "RebateKing"',
      'helpful': [7, 8],
      'reviewText': 'Went from a SMC wireless B router (decent) to a Belkin G (daily resets)to the Netgear SuperG here. So far for the past week - it\'s been rock solid. I\'ve got version 2 of the unit.The annoying issue that I\'ve yet to resolve is the 108auto setting - which as mentioned here and other places - simply doesn\'t work. Both the 108 PCI and notebook cards we have drop back to the 54g setting and never make it above that.  If you want full tilt 108 you have to tell the router "108 only" - then you are good to go. Not a problem as long as you have all Netgear 108 stuff. Forget it if you want to give access to a print server or PDA. If the 108auto feature had worked - I would have probably given the Netgear 5 instead of 4 stars.Range and signal strength in our large home (3400 sq.ft) are very good compared to my previous two wireless routers. As other reviewers have outlined - Netgear documentation quality is about as good as what you\'d find on a microwave dinner.  But hey, very few vendors do a good job of that anyway - so really no surprises in that regard.And how about this?  A review that doesn\'t pass judgement on those whose experience varies with this router?UPDATE: (September 8, 2004) Auto 108g Mode appears to be working now with both 54g and 108g products here - although the desktop PC seems a little buggy still.  I went to the Netgear website and downloaded the latest drivers for the PCI & PCMCIA cards for the computers.  Range - particularly with the laptop has also jumped significantly.  (I don\'t know if including WPA security on the wireless contributed to my success here or not - but at least the neighbors now can\'t be wireless Peeping Toms.)  Brought home a new Toshiba Tecra laptop from work with built in G and got full 54g range and speed. Finally...Sacrifices were still made, though.  My venerable Toshiba 755 PDA has now lost wireless access due to the WPA security.  But I\'m not complaining much since surfing from such a device is hard on the eyes (and wrists) anyway.  Maybe the 108g would work in WEP mode.  I\'m almost too afraid to try now that everything appears to be working!The router still is rock solid.  Maybe had to reset it and/or the cable modem only once since I first laid out this review.On the horizon?  I just heard about the new 802.11n standard.  The superman of wireless?  We\'ll see.',
      'overall': 4.0,
      'summary': 'Wireless Router #3 - so far the best yet!',
      'unixReviewTime': 1092873600,
      'reviewTime': '08 19, 2004'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A3PPLH5DL6DHN7',
      'asin': 'B0000C4G79',
      'reviewerName': 'G. Coley "Greg"',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "A handstrap is a great addtion to any camera system.  You won't believe the stress it will relive from your hand/arm especially when using bigger cameras and/or heavier/longer lesnes.It could be better if the strap was more robust or padded, but still this is great overall.",
      'overall': 4.0,
      'summary': 'A Must have for any serios photogrpher.',
      'unixReviewTime': 1195171200,
      'reviewTime': '11 16, 2007'},
     {'reviewerID': 'AF1EZYMRB7YQ6',
      'asin': 'B00006JPDG',
      'reviewerName': 'prgeek',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'Great speaker for the price.  I have never heard about BIC america, but I am glad I got this one!',
      'overall': 4.0,
      'summary': 'Solid speaker',
      'unixReviewTime': 1395964800,
      'reviewTime': '03 28, 2014'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A1BFEVYLXAD8GZ',
      'asin': 'B00005N5X7',
      'reviewerName': 'Irishlady',
      'helpful': [5, 5],
      'reviewText': "I exchanged an Audiovox D1700 for this model. I've had it several months now and it works great-most of the time. However, on a recent plane trip, I watched a movie for 2 hours, then had to change DVD discs. When I put in the 2nd disc, it started skipping and freezing. I think it was because the unit had gotten hot. As long as you don't stop the player before the movie is over and then restart it again, it seems to work fine.I also had some brief freezing issues with a new DVD recently.Overall, I think it's a good value for the money.",
      'overall': 3.0,
      'summary': 'Not too shabby',
      'unixReviewTime': 1045008000,
      'reviewTime': '02 12, 2003'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A1QJ8RKPWKXI7O',
      'asin': 'B00006JN3G',
      'reviewerName': 'domeboy "domeboy"',
      'helpful': [15, 26],
      'reviewText': 'Binoc, teles, range finders and cameras. All can benefit from one of these. Light and compact, sturdy and effective. Keep the prints off the lenses.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Great tool for in the field lens maintenance',
      'unixReviewTime': 1075680000,
      'reviewTime': '02 2, 2004'},
     {'reviewerID': 'ANUF70N7DJWQU',
      'asin': 'B0000AZK4D',
      'reviewerName': 'James R. Barley',
      'helpful': [1, 1],
      'reviewText': "I purchased this tool because I needed a simple punch down tool and my local Home Depot and Lowes carried punch down tools for double the price. It does what it is supposed to do. Sure it doesn't always cut the wire completely when you punch down, but you just punch again, wiggle if you need to and you're good to go. Would I buy this if I needed this everyday for my job? Ehh, I'm sure there are better ones out there. But for wiring up my basement and other small, odd jobs, this is perfect. I've used this on Monoprice's slim cat5e punch down keystone jacks and ICC's data modules. It worked much better on ICC's data modules, but only because they were installed in a low voltage cabinet. The cat5e jacks I was holding in my hand. In that situation it's still very usable, just more of a pain, but that isn't the tool's fault. The impact selector is nice, but to be honest, I just keep it on the HI setting all the time.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'An inexpensive, yet effective punch down tool',
      'unixReviewTime': 1359331200,
      'reviewTime': '01 28, 2013'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A1IANEBSMVGHS9',
      'asin': 'B00008VEKC',
      'reviewerName': 'Manny Hernandez "@askmanny"',
      'helpful': [3, 3],
      'reviewText': "I guess we sometimes are lucky and sometimes not. Wanting a nice silver progressive scan DVD, I was debating between a Panasonic and this one, but the nice experience prevailed and, having happily owned a JVC stereo system a few years ago, I settled for this DVD player. So far, I have not had any complaints, plus it's very easy to use and it looks very slick in our living room. For the low cost, I would highly encourage even those customers considering the REALLY cheap options to pick this one up instead. You will be find it a rewarding and affordable option to fulfill your DVD playing needs.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'No issues... I guess the other reviewer had bad luck!',
      'unixReviewTime': 1062460800,
      'reviewTime': '09 2, 2003'},
     {'reviewerID': 'ALASUQ48KNV0F',
      'asin': 'B00009R6TA',
      'reviewerName': 'Debbie Owen',
      'helpful': [1, 1],
      'reviewText': 'We checked out the Canon Deluxe Photo Backpack 200EG at a local electronics store and it was priced at $79.90.  Needless to say we immediately ordered it.  My partner and I carried small camera bags which were cumbersome and not nearly large enough to carry our gear.  We do a lot of nature photography also weddings and portraits and needed something we could easily carry our gear or strip it down to basics.  The bad is comfortable to wear and keeps the gear safe, secure and waterproof. It is very well made and the zippers are all covered to keep out moisture. Lots of pockets to store things and a place for keys.  You can also put a light jacket in the bungee cord area or a bottle of water. I also like the fact that it has the chest and waist straps to secure onto the body.  The only downside is the Canon logo on the front, dead giveaway as to what you are carrying, but a simple patch over this will solve that problem.  I am looking forward to using this bag for many years to come. Thank you Amazon.com for offering such a great deal.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Great Product Even Better Price',
      'unixReviewTime': 1334016000,
      'reviewTime': '04 10, 2012'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A3D035KQL9KQFK',
      'asin': 'B00022VZ0K',
      'reviewerName': 'Shawn Stiner',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "I loaned out this camers bag to a friend who can't seem to find it now. So I like it so much that i am buying the exact same one. Very durable and Very handy. large enough for the camers and some other pocket type iteams as well. You will be impressed with this product",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Lost my first one it was so good',
      'unixReviewTime': 1355356800,
      'reviewTime': '12 13, 2012'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A1H4WLPFV59XMA',
      'asin': 'B00009XVCZ',
      'reviewerName': 'Jim Krupnik "jkrupnik"',
      'helpful': [54, 58],
      'reviewText': 'The latest 50 f/1.4 EF lens is the best performing chunk of glass that any photographer can buy for anywhere near the price. Granted, the 50 1.8 lens is awesome for it\'s dirt cheap price, but it is outclassed by the f/1.4 in all respects.Others have already raved about the virtues of this cheap (not really) lens, so I\'ll just agree with with the strong points, and lay out the broad picture on an open table.First, the 50 f/1.8 is usually a fine lens. It is dirt cheap, has better quality control than anything built by Sigma, and is super light weight. That being said, it does have issues with lens to lens quality, it is "only f/1.8", has a plastic lens mount, and is pretty slow in AF.The 50 f/1.4, on the other hand, can darn near allow you to see in the dark through the viewfinder, can focus in total darkness with the right shoe mount flash, records tack sharp images at most all apertures, has great contrast, is light in weight, small in size, has a metal lens mount, and is pretty cheap to buy.It is NOT an L lens in construction, yet it offers L lens optical quality. It does have a USM, but it is the "old style" USM, and is not as fast as the modern ring type USM lenses. Still, it is very fast, it beats the speed of the throw away f/1.8 lens to death, and is pretty darn quiet. Also, despite the majority plastic build, and lack of distance data for E-TTL II flashes (the f/1.8 also lacks this feature) the f/1.4 lens does offer a very responsive full time manual focus ring that works like a charm for manual focus, or just touch up in difficult auto focus situations.This lens is all that, and everyone should own it as their first lens. Zoom lenses included in body/lens kits are just plain junk (sorry), but this lens will stay in your camera kit for decades, no matter what camera body is in your future.People who are using 1.6 crop factor cameras like the 20D, 30D, and Rebel line should bear in mind that the 50 f/1.4 lens is effectively an 80 mm f/1.4 lens when mounted on their cameras. That makes the 50 f/1.4 an awesome portrait lens, and the aperture and diaphragm design of the f/1.4 make it unbeatable for capturing shallow depth of field shots with pleasingly blurred backgrounds.As fine a lens as the 50 mm f/1.8 really is, it cannot begin to compare to the 50 mm f/1.4 lens in terms of functionality. Buy this lens today, and it will be with you until the end, no matter what Canon body you use in the future. If you use a 1.6 crop factor camera today, this lens will become a favorite, and the best 80 mm portrait lens you have ever owned.As always, use it with the factory lens hood at all times (only about twenty five bucks), and use a UV filter that is multi coated on both surfaces at all times. Anyone who suggests that you use a cheap filter is steering you down the wrong path. No matter what lens you buy, always use a UV filter that is built at least as well as your lens. Cheap filters, and filters that are not multi coated on both surfaces are just plain garbage. The shame of it is that even Canon offers garbage filters for cheap, and many people who spend hundreds of Dollars on a lens claim that "If it\'s good enough for Canon, it\'s good enough for me". Nonsense. A cheap filter is just that. A good lens with a cheap filter might impress, but a good lens with a great filter WILL impress. Don\'t fall into the cheap trap.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'In the real world, this IS an "L" lens.',
      'unixReviewTime': 1162512000,
      'reviewTime': '11 3, 2006'},
     {'reviewerID': 'AV5ASI0YCQVN2',
      'asin': 'B00008NG6N',
      'reviewerName': 'Mark H',
      'helpful': [16, 21],
      'reviewText': "I just purchased this exact model from Amazon a few days ago. It arrived today and there's nothing anywhere about mac compatibility. No drivers on the Cd or on the Belkin website, and its not plug-and-play either. Apparently Belkin frequently changes the chip manufacturers that make the underlying technology, and their newest cards use chips that dont have mac drivers. BoooI have a Quicksilver G4. OS X 10.4.4.",
      'overall': 1.0,
      'summary': 'Does NOT work with Mac OS X 10.4',
      'unixReviewTime': 1142294400,
      'reviewTime': '03 14, 2006'},
     {'reviewerID': 'AASSDFY9K6G2T',
      'asin': 'B00006I53T',
      'reviewerName': 'Abdulrahman Aljabri',
      'helpful': [69, 81],
      'reviewText': "Make sure you buy it with the knowledge that you won't be able to use it to the full extent a wide angle lens is used to. Otherwise you will be severely disappointed with this lens. But just how so?I know a photographer that uses this lens for wedding photography with her 10D. For her the lens does the job wonderfully. The lens takes sharp pictures, is light enough to haul around in a wedding, and wide enough on a 1.6 form factor camera to provide sufficient field of view for such event. The field of view on a 1.6 form factor camera would be equivalent to 45mm on full format; almost normal view.I on the other hand used my 28mm lens for nature photography, and let me tell you the results were not just disappointing but down right useless! Simply stated, you will not be able to use high contrast/saturation landscape and nature pictures that are procuded by this lens.  The bright sun will cause sever chromatic aberration in your pictures. Hence, the fringes of trees and light poles for example will display the dreaded discoloration (with this lens the color is generally purple). Every tree branch at the top corners will become purple at the fringes. Those are truly unacceptable results.Now for the big question, is it possible that I had a bad copy? Probably not. After being so disappointed I researched this lens extensively (especially on Fred Miranda site) and found that others had the same problem. In fact, its overall score on that site was 7.4 at the time of my research, thus my 3 star rating. After learning the facts I decided to return the lens instead of exchanging it with another one. Since then I have ordered a 17-40 L.Should you order it? This lens is a great value. In fact, I rank it as a best value lens after the 50mm 1.8 in the lower end range of Canon prime lenses. Nonetheless, don't expect to take stunning nature photos with it; otherwise chromatic aberration will stun you!PS. I agree with most of what a previous reviewer mentioned in his post, but wonder if he owns a good copy. This lens has been in production for a while and there may be a difference in quality between various batches out there.",
      'overall': 3.0,
      'summary': 'Before you buy this lens!',
      'unixReviewTime': 1144281600,
      'reviewTime': '04 6, 2006'},
     {'reviewerID': 'AZVODYJ9CJCF',
      'asin': 'B00009RUCH',
      'reviewerName': 'Zack Stark',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "Obviously, this isn't going to be as good as a Gorilla-pod or a full size tripod, but it is excellent for capturing clear pictures. I use this with our Kodak Zi8 for taking videos and our camera for capturing pictures in low-light settings. Overall, I would rate this product 4/5. It doesn't really wrap around anything, but it is adjustable so that you get a good angle to your shots.",
      'overall': 4.0,
      'summary': 'Inexpensive Steady Tripod',
      'unixReviewTime': 1292284800,
      'reviewTime': '12 14, 2010'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A2M4QRSR8D62JD',
      'asin': 'B00007M1TZ',
      'reviewerName': 'C. Whinney',
      'helpful': [1, 1],
      'reviewText': "I work from home 50% of the time and use this daily for probably 4 hours of calls a day average.  With this usage I'm on my third one in 3 years.The last one failed as the cord tore through where it bends over the top of my phone when it's in my pocket.  I just ordered another one and am going to preemptively wrap the cord at that point in electrical tape.",
      'overall': 3.0,
      'summary': '3rd one in 3 years, but price makes it acceptable',
      'unixReviewTime': 1390262400,
      'reviewTime': '01 21, 2014'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A3DKWGWZSZC7PN',
      'asin': 'B00004RD8K',
      'reviewerName': 'Joe',
      'helpful': [3, 4],
      'reviewText': 'Title says it all. With so many folks either recording their own play lists and downloading their music, any player without the capability to play them is obsolete.',
      'overall': 2.0,
      'summary': 'without the ability to play MP3 discs, it is all but useless',
      'unixReviewTime': 1265241600,
      'reviewTime': '02 4, 2010'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A15ADZE1K9839O',
      'asin': 'B0000XOB7U',
      'reviewerName': 'Roberto K. Cho "chorobe"',
      'helpful': [4, 5],
      'reviewText': "I bought this for my daughter's birthday.  She loves animals and is especially into owls.  I wanted something small that she can take with her anywhere and this fit the bill.  It is small, light, and works great.  Once she understood how it works, she just loves using it.  In fact, her brother and sister are always fighting to take a turn at using it.  I guess I know what to get for their birthdays.  Also, my kids love the commercial for this monocular as well, they crack up every time they see it.UPDATE 4/28/12:So far so good!  My daughter still loves this item and uses it all the time.  During those times when she forgets to bring it, she always finds something she could have used the monocular to zoom in on.  Definitely still recommended!",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': '12 Year Old Daughter Loves it!',
      'unixReviewTime': 1316736000,
      'reviewTime': '09 23, 2011'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A3SV9W045EB29E',
      'asin': 'B0001VGFKW',
      'reviewerName': 'Qmann',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'Bought these for zoning music listening and television on our back deck while in the hot tub. Easy to install and sounds fine! Looks good. I am a little worried about the white yellowing after time but the black ones were not available for this price.',
      'overall': 4.0,
      'summary': 'Good Product, as advertised',
      'unixReviewTime': 1362700800,
      'reviewTime': '03 8, 2013'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A3V9Q82FBPCCGR',
      'asin': 'B00008OE6I',
      'reviewerName': 'Cosmo_dog',
      'helpful': [5, 5],
      'reviewText': "Do a little research on this and its successor, the S410 before you buy.  My first year with my S400 was great.  A little after that, I  started to get Memory Card Error problems.  At first, I tried reformatting the CF card using the camera, which sometimes worked.  I then replaced the CF card, and that worked for about 2 weeks.  I Googled Canon S400 memory card error and found lots of other S400 owners with the same problem.  The fix I hear about most is using a USB card reader to reformat the card in FAT format.  I've tried that, but the CF card still needs reformatting every now and then.  So as it stands now, I can get the camera to work if I reformat the CF card, but I just can't tell when it's going do deal me another Memory Card Error.  Totally unreliable.",
      'overall': 1.0,
      'summary': 'Memory Card Errors',
      'unixReviewTime': 1116806400,
      'reviewTime': '05 23, 2005'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A28D486TE26RWF',
      'asin': 'B00009YW8B',
      'reviewerName': 'W. Gunn',
      'helpful': [1, 1],
      'reviewText': "My card worked off and on for about 2 weeks.  It would lose the connection and sometimes a router reset would help, sometimes it wouldn't.  It doesn't support WPA as it is now shipping.  Upgrading the drivers to 2.0.0.7 to enable WPA-PSK resulted in my never being able to connect again.  I have a dell axim x30 which does not experience these problems, so I'm pretty sure it's the card.  I tried to adjust the antenna once, when it was still working, and the whole thing fell off.  To be fair, I bought it in the marketplace, so it could have been an expertly repackaged refurb, but even when it was working it only got 50% signal 20 feet from the router, in the absence of interference.  It has been suggested that heat may be a problem with these cards, especially under heavy use.",
      'overall': 2.0,
      'summary': 'Cheap product, cheaply made.',
      'unixReviewTime': 1111363200,
      'reviewTime': '03 21, 2005'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A1BKM7UL77QDD5',
      'asin': 'B00017LSPI',
      'reviewerName': 'Paul Henderson',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'This is a must have for camera lenses to remove any loose dirt prior to wiping with a lens cleaner.  Works like a charm and is easy to stow away in a camera bag.  It is a little bulky but allows enough wind force to get rid of dirt and dust.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Must have for camera lenses',
      'unixReviewTime': 1372118400,
      'reviewTime': '06 25, 2013'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A1NN8I840LYGDO',
      'asin': 'B00001P4ZR',
      'reviewerName': 'Pam',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'I use these headphones at home for casual use.  They are perfect for that situation.  They are very comfortable and the sound quality is good for this price.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Good for home, casual use',
      'unixReviewTime': 1299801600,
      'reviewTime': '03 11, 2011'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A1IOE0FQZ3TQCG',
      'asin': 'B0001H27PS',
      'reviewerName': 'catmandu',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'If I didn\'t fly frequently, I would have rated this backpack higher since it\'s inexpensive, sturdy, light, roomy, well-made, and fairly well organized.However, it is not the best choice for frequent flyers since the laptop compartment is along the back of the main compartment, which means it is very difficult to get your laptop out for the security screen if you have anything in the main compartment. (And the design and the angle of the top of the main compartment actually make it even more difficult than it should be!)Since my lapop is small (14"), it still fits in the laptop compartment even when in a sleeve, so I\'ve been able to work around this issue by putting files in the laptop compartment and keeping the laptop in the sleeve in the front of the main compartment until I go through the security screen. However this is not optimal and I am looking for a new bag for traveling since the entire idea of having a computer bag is to keep the computer in the compartment that is designed to protect it! (And it\'s also rather annoying to have to "repack" the bag after going through security.)My oher main issue with the bag (and I have this issue with other Targus computer backpacks as well as most computer backpack by other manufacturers) is the fact that "Targus" embroidered on the front of the backpack in large letters in a contrasting color. Since part of the reason for using a computer backpack is that a backpack (in theory) isn\'t as obviously a computer bag as a roller, the prominent branding negates the "camouflage" since everyone knows Targus doesn\'t make regular backpacks.',
      'overall': 3.0,
      'summary': 'Nice computer backpack but not good for air travel',
      'unixReviewTime': 1230508800,
      'reviewTime': '12 29, 2008'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A1X6UOI7553QWU',
      'asin': 'B00004VX15',
      'reviewerName': 'Douglas A. Gerard Md "Doug"',
      'helpful': [1, 1],
      'reviewText': 'I bought this for my new ETrex Vista HCx for use with my mountain bike during those non crash style rides.  This mount is intended to replace the back cover of your GPSr and then clip onto the handlebar mount.  I discovered that the replacement cover is different than the original one in several ways.  First, it is all plastic with a much smaller, delicate o-ring seal than the original cover (which is made out of metal and has a beefy seal system.)  More importantly, the new cover does not fit on the HCx or others with microSD cards.  Hmmm.  I was ready to return it and I remembered that my new Vista HCx came with a screw mount "auxiliary mount adapter" that the instruction manual for the HCx says "do not discard".  Lo and behold, screw that baby onto the original sturdy beefy o-ring sealed metal back and it clips onto the handlebar mount perfectly.  This is much better than the replacement back that comes with the mount kit.  Now I have an unused back cover for any non HCx design Etrex to sell.  Garmin does sell just the bar mount piece for suggested retail $10.91, so I lost money on the deal, but I don\'t have to return anything and my mount is stronger than the original design that Garmin had.  I only deducted one star for the quality of the kit\'s plastic replacement back cover that non-HCx users will have to use.',
      'overall': 4.0,
      'summary': 'Designed for non-HCx models, but WILL work with them as well',
      'unixReviewTime': 1231632000,
      'reviewTime': '01 11, 2009'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A29PBY6SXS0PDU',
      'asin': 'B0000BZ2WA',
      'reviewerName': 'Jay Pickens "\'How-To\' Books Collector"',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'Crazy how quickly your computer can collect USB port devices.  The back of my computer looked like a black-spaghetti factory - and far too few of the USB inputs, labeled. In that each new addition was added one-by-one (over an extended period of time, for the most part), I hadn\'t a clue where most of them originated.  And living alone, it was miserable trying to identify and run-down their point of origination by myself. Also, crawling around ON THE FLOOR behind my cramped computer desk area (at age 75) IS NOT REALLY THAT MUCH FUN!!  SOLUTION!:  I bought 2 of the IOGEAR 5-PORT PCI CARDS (GIC251U) - ELIMINATING the garbled mesh of cables, connectors, external ports that often randomly, became inactive or disconnected, were all replaced with these (2) 5-port cards.  I removed all the trash behind my computer - Labeled each and every USB cable, as I attached it to my new "cards".  TODAY, everything works, without having to unplug one item to plug in another.  I HAVE DIED AND GONE TO HEAVEN! THANK YOU IOGEAR!!Jay Pickens',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Should Have Done This Years Ago',
      'unixReviewTime': 1304121600,
      'reviewTime': '04 30, 2011'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A3GCOR1QC1GQ9A',
      'asin': 'B0000665P5',
      'reviewerName': 'Sav Extra "Big Prime User"',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "Fantastic sound quality probably the best I've gotten out of a headset. I like the long wires so I can leave my laptop and walk around a bit. The sound is clear and I have ditched my phone calls home to chat more often using VOIP on IMs",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Best Headset Ever',
      'unixReviewTime': 1146528000,
      'reviewTime': '05 2, 2006'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A2PL06HW6KZH2',
      'asin': 'B00007FGU7',
      'reviewerName': 'Mike B 122061 "Want only the best; Take only ...',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "This 3.5mm male to female stereo extemsion cable is one of the best. It is constructed of a high quality heavy guage cable and durable molded connectors. I have a couple of this exact cable because the quality is so high, and the price can't be beat. Highly recommended",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'C2G makes some of the best',
      'unixReviewTime': 1373846400,
      'reviewTime': '07 15, 2013'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A1X7MRG5Q3WN2J',
      'asin': 'B00006L4FY',
      'reviewerName': 'Lady M. "Book Fan/Computer User/Gamer"',
      'helpful': [2, 2],
      'reviewText': 'This keyboard is comfortable as it suggest. It feels so natural to use. Of course if you have never used a split or natural keyboard before it might take a bit for you to get used to. Once you do you will find that the other keyboards are cramped and not natural to the way you rest your arms.I give 4 stars instead of 5 due to the fact that you can not get this with out the mouse. The mouse is ok but I also threw it in the trash.My only wish would be that this keyboard came in a more Apple/Mac like design with mac keys mapped onto it. I use this keyboard for both my Mac and PC computers. So I have two. Great product.',
      'overall': 4.0,
      'summary': 'Wonderful relief to my wrist...',
      'unixReviewTime': 1138665600,
      'reviewTime': '01 31, 2006'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A3DYUYQ6UJEWJ8',
      'asin': 'B0000BZ2WA',
      'reviewerName': 'Sonic Joe',
      'helpful': [1, 1],
      'reviewText': "Not much to say here.  Popped it in my computer, started it up, and it worked fine.  My only confusion with this product is the need for a USB connector inside the computer.  What's with that?",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Good product if you need some extra USB ports',
      'unixReviewTime': 1183766400,
      'reviewTime': '07 7, 2007'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A3ACHJERBFF8N0',
      'asin': 'B00009KYCN',
      'reviewerName': 'Dustin Loftis',
      'helpful': [0, 1],
      'reviewText': 'This is a functional, well designed power strip that will not be out of place under a desk or on it.  The design of the device leaves little to be desired.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Does what it does.',
      'unixReviewTime': 1385769600,
      'reviewTime': '11 30, 2013'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A3780L25J3J74M',
      'asin': 'B00007DTDB',
      'reviewerName': 'MulyCat',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'I tried this to  switch between a thin client (embedded XP) and workstation. The monitor switched fine but the keyboard and mouse  stopped responding. Will try a USB based KVM next.',
      'overall': 3.0,
      'summary': 'Electronic KVM not for thin client',
      'unixReviewTime': 1213574400,
      'reviewTime': '06 16, 2008'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A31F722DD3E761',
      'asin': 'B00009R96C',
      'reviewerName': 'Daddy V',
      'helpful': [1, 1],
      'reviewText': "This is an excellent filter/protector for your lens... It really proved it's worth as a protector in my case - I dropped a lens and fortunately the filter saved it!  I purchased another one.  I highly recommend Nikon filters.  I bought the 72mm one for the 55-200mm lens I purchased.  Great quality!",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Excellent quality & protection...',
      'unixReviewTime': 1268265600,
      'reviewTime': '03 11, 2010'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A35U0ZNK7IXXBJ',
      'asin': 'B00008XETO',
      'reviewerName': 'Joseph Christl',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'This remote is almost perfect.  It sits in the hand wonderfully.  The one reason I got it was for its "Mouse feature".  However, the biggest problem this remote has is it does not always stay active.For some reason it\'s Infared receiver stops responding to commands and the PC needs rebooting; some say the continued receiving of additional commands for other home theatre opbects eventually overloads the installed software.  This totally unacceptable for a HTPC.This is also apparently a known issue that the company cannot (or will not) fix.',
      'overall': 3.0,
      'summary': 'Freezes,,, almost perfect',
      'unixReviewTime': 1239148800,
      'reviewTime': '04 8, 2009'},
     {'reviewerID': 'AUK79PXTAOJP9',
      'asin': 'B000068O3C',
      'reviewerName': '~ Kyle',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'Needed to connect a computer to a mixer board and this worked perfectly. Great length on the cable and great quaility. Sounds amazing.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Great Cable',
      'unixReviewTime': 1357344000,
      'reviewTime': '01 5, 2013'},
     {'reviewerID': 'AM7BCX3ZCQ70V',
      'asin': 'B00005853Z',
      'reviewerName': 'R. Clark "lexingtonguy"',
      'helpful': [3, 11],
      'reviewText': 'Microsoft should really take a lesson from Logitech here.  I tried the Trackball Explorer as a replacement for my WELL worn Logitech Marble-Man FX (discontinued - though I\'ll never understand why.) My hands are M/L - totally typical.After 1 hour of use, my thumb was killing me.  You see, you must reach BACK to far to hit the thumb button.  If you compare it to logitech, you\'ll see that they have the buttons in-line with the ball or just under where your thumb falls naturally, meaning you can click on them without bending your thumb at all.The mouse is accurate, and the ball feels nice, but you have to use those buttons... and they are awful. If they\'d move them forward about 1" this would work as well as the Logitech MarbleMan FX does.It\'s no wonder those things are going for $150 USED on Ebay... Logitech had it right and nobody has yet repeated it.',
      'overall': 2.0,
      'summary': 'Buttons about 1" too far back - you must bend your thumb!',
      'unixReviewTime': 1117497600,
      'reviewTime': '05 31, 2005'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A2SG570IC6XRAY',
      'asin': 'B000068O3C',
      'reviewerName': 'bubukane "bubukane"',
      'helpful': [2, 2],
      'reviewText': 'As stated, left channel is bad at the 1/8" end.  Not worth paying to return, I\'ll just fix it with an end I had laying around.',
      'overall': 1.0,
      'summary': 'Defective left ch. out of the box',
      'unixReviewTime': 1299196800,
      'reviewTime': '03 4, 2011'},
     {'reviewerID': 'AT09WGFUM934H',
      'asin': '0594481813',
      'reviewerName': 'John',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "It does 2A and charges a DEAD Nook in a few hours. It does so with a LOT of heat, compared to most wall worts. I have a dual charger where 1 port is 2.1A and the other is 1A for total output of 3.1A that doesn't run as hot as this. And i use that to power a raspberry pi to avoid needing a powered hubIt does the job adequately as it's designed to. Just hot. I would always unplug it if not using (even though it cools off) because of the amount of heat made. The nook hd+ runs hot too right where you hold it on the left side in portrait, but not so much when charging. I guess it's better to have it at the plug.",
      'overall': 3.0,
      'summary': 'This is the oem charger you get with the nook hd+',
      'unixReviewTime': 1377907200,
      'reviewTime': '08 31, 2013'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A2G12AUVD3YX5R',
      'asin': 'B00007M1TZ',
      'reviewerName': 'Pvc Distributors "Flexpvc"',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "We got suckered on the price. Customers complain they can't hear us and it's hard for them to understand us. (We hear them fine. In fact, it's way too loud on our end. Even with the vol. turned all the way down, it's still very loud.) We are going back to the more expensive Panasonic headset. The folding one is the one we liked best. But this one... pass if you care about people hearing you.",
      'overall': 1.0,
      'summary': 'NOT a good headset. There are others much better.',
      'unixReviewTime': 1313280000,
      'reviewTime': '08 14, 2011'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A2MONP3IA495W0',
      'asin': 'B00005125T',
      'reviewerName': 'Grant Computer',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "This day in time there is no need to pay outrageous prices for NIC's This card installs flawlessly and Windows knows exactly what to do with it.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Great price and high quality',
      'unixReviewTime': 1396742400,
      'reviewTime': '04 6, 2014'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A3MAQJLQNWNMX0',
      'asin': 'B000069K8N',
      'reviewerName': 'Ashwini Aragam',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "I have long pushed off buying an universal remote thinking that we will need the original remotes anyway. The URC 8910 does a terrific job of reducing the umpteen number of remotes you need to keep at hand.- Setting up the remote to control a DVD/VCR/TV/Cable box or a receiver is a breeze.- The list of codes covered all my diverse equipment - Sony, JVC, Comcast, Toshiba.- The IR learning feature clearly learns those commands unique to you equipment's remote. My 12 year old son easily setup all the remote to control all these equipment!- The volume lock feature is pretty neat as I always use the receiver to control the sound; I can press the vol + or - button without having to press the receiver button again.- The macro keys work well. I have programmed it to turn on the TV, switch it to the DVD input (which takes six clicks itself), turn on the DVD.- With so many equipment, you will have to remember which learning key in which mode (L1 in CBL mode is guide up, etc) you programmed. You will need a short list handy. This is true of any universal remote.- The remote cannot learn commands that operate a menu. For e.g., my receiver's remote has the ability to bring up a menu of audio inputs and then select the input I would like. The IR learning feature cannot be programmed to do this.- I haven't tried the software that others say make programming a breeze. But I haven't had a need for this so far.For about $20, this is a delightful value!",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Excellent value',
      'unixReviewTime': 1153526400,
      'reviewTime': '07 22, 2006'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A1QY3VYCYH4120',
      'asin': 'B00023KG40',
      'reviewerName': 'KC Jayhawk',
      'helpful': [2, 2],
      'reviewText': 'First of all, I agree with another reviewer who commented favorably on the fact that neither the transmitter nor the receiver in this kit use those damn wall warts for power.  I have two TVs about 40 feet apart and did not want to pay for yet another cable box.  Instead, I purchased an HDMI splitter, a long HDMI cable, and this remote control extender kit.  My goal was to be able to control the cable box from the location of either TV and the set-up works great.  The whole deal cost me about $70, which is about 7 months of rental on another cable box.  By chance, I had an extra remote control for the cable box, but a universal remote would do the job, too.  Very happy with how this project turned out, thanks, in part, to this remote control extender kit.',
      'overall': 4.0,
      'summary': 'Works Like a Charm - So Far',
      'unixReviewTime': 1292976000,
      'reviewTime': '12 22, 2010'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A2HOAC7TJ26969',
      'asin': 'B0000D89CX',
      'reviewerName': 'Denise Mckee "Denise (Baker) McKee"',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "There is nothing in the construction of the cables to hold the ends into the jacks - and they don't like to stick in the jacks of the TV or in my switch.Also, since there are two red jacks, most cables give a bit of a separation in them - these don't, so you have to be VERY careful to get the correct ones hooked up.IMHO - spend a few bucks more and get better quality ones.(NOTE: I have purchased many other things from this seller and been very happy, this is the first time that I have been unhappy with my purchase)",
      'overall': 2.0,
      'summary': 'HORRIBLE',
      'unixReviewTime': 1297123200,
      'reviewTime': '02 8, 2011'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A6MA0VVEUCEVQ',
      'asin': 'B00001P4ZH',
      'reviewerName': 'lars',
      'helpful': [1, 2],
      'reviewText': "if you're considering buying this headphone, don't hesitate. it's worth your money. i use it for my ipod and my computer. i never thought headphone this price will sound this good. my only dislike is the looks.",
      'overall': 4.0,
      'summary': 'best bang for your buck',
      'unixReviewTime': 1302048000,
      'reviewTime': '04 6, 2011'},
     {'reviewerID': 'ALT8SZETBDS3T',
      'asin': 'B00006HOAN',
      'reviewerName': 'Susan Pierce "TirzaM"',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'Very well constructed.  Does as good a job as those more extensive models.  Shooting foliage, water or glass - then you need a polarizing filter.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Great',
      'unixReviewTime': 1359244800,
      'reviewTime': '01 27, 2013'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A16SEJ6N5GYYZQ',
      'asin': 'B00006I5JZ',
      'reviewerName': 'Ralph Shipp "Craig Shipp"',
      'helpful': [9, 9],
      'reviewText': "I've read mixed reviews for this teleconverter and there is now a newer model available. I can tell you I'm going to keep this TC-20E II. I'm happy with the results when I use this device with my D700 and my 70-200 F2.8 VRII lens. I only use this in good light but when I need the 400mm reach this baby comes in handy. I don't often need this reach so buying a Nikon 200-400 zoom for $6,000 isn't going to happen! For now I'm happy with the TC-20E II.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Good enough.',
      'unixReviewTime': 1265328000,
      'reviewTime': '02 5, 2010'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A3QDY9I0CNMD2W',
      'asin': 'B00004WCGF',
      'reviewerName': 'R. D. Collins',
      'helpful': [3, 3],
      'reviewText': "As others have noted (mainly in the negative reviews), this case is rather smaller than I expected.Nonetheless, it's perfect for my needs, namely transporting a Canon SX40 with a UV filter, lens cap, and Op/Tech neck strap attached, a Canon S100 in a small carrying case, a Canon Speedlight 420EX with spare batteries, a polarizing filter for the SX40 in a carrying case, some cleaning cloths, a LensPEN, a cable for connecting the cameras to my laptop, a lens hood for the SX40, two battery chargers, four spare camera batteries, and a few memory cards.It's very well made of sturdy materials, has adequate padding to protect everything, and has very good zippers and hooks. The zippers are covered by a flap to keep water and dirt out, and it's supposed to be waterproof. It has a comfortable, adjustable neck strap AND a waste strap that hides in a rear pocket, all connected to the case with strong metal D rings, plus a comfortable carrying handle. And it looks good, too.This case is a very good value at under $25 from Amazon -- if it's large enough for your gear.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Great for Small Cameras.',
      'unixReviewTime': 1330041600,
      'reviewTime': '02 24, 2012'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A13KB83ABLHMJG',
      'asin': 'B0000512E6',
      'reviewerName': 'Handyman',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'Antec Small DC Fan DC Brushless Case Cooling Fan works very well for the use I put it to cooling a surround sound system. It is very quiet and cools well. I tinker with all kinds of electronics that use different kinds of fans and this one is a good as the bigger ones that I use.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'The Antec Small DC Fan DC Brushless Case Cooling Fan works very well for it size in the application it is used in.',
      'unixReviewTime': 1386460800,
      'reviewTime': '12 8, 2013'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A2DT7XKLELB1MX',
      'asin': 'B00001WRSJ',
      'reviewerName': 'William C. Mead "reader-thinker"',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "I've enjoyed using this model of Sony headphones for more years than I can count. My older set has been restored with fresh ear pads, and this newer set shares the same excellent sound quality, comfort, and workmanship. Highly recommended.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Great quality and value',
      'unixReviewTime': 1401667200,
      'reviewTime': '06 2, 2014'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A3Q02NBW1QQQZF',
      'asin': 'B000085BCX',
      'reviewerName': 'Ginn',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "Great product and super easy to set up. It's pretty much a plug and play. I feel like I got a great bargain for the price. Works everywhere right away. I was worried that it may stick out of the laptop a little far and one of my dogs would snap it off or something but it's pretty compact. All in all I'm pleased and would buy from Belkin again.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Good product',
      'unixReviewTime': 1262217600,
      'reviewTime': '12 31, 2009'},
     {'reviewerID': 'AEQRNFJYUWB0X',
      'asin': 'B00005T3EW',
      'reviewerName': 'Chris',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "I am using this splitter to feed cable to my TV's internal tuner and three USB computer tuners.  It works.  It's a great value for this price.  (Paid $3 with free shipping.)",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': "It works. It's a good value.",
      'unixReviewTime': 1322438400,
      'reviewTime': '11 28, 2011'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A1YQLAR46BS347',
      'asin': 'B00020S7XK',
      'reviewerName': 'Amazon Customer "mrschimpf"',
      'helpful': [3, 3],
      'reviewText': "I have to admit I really wasn't in the market for a new radio for just regular listening. I've been using aGE 72664 Portable AM/FM Radio, Blackwhich seems to have stood the test of time over ten years and still works quite well outside of some damage on the front speaker grille from being lugged around in a backpack on and off for eight years. It served my needs for just listening to the game or the latest traffic at work when I needed it there.However I picked this up on sale at Walgreens for just near $9, just thinking it would work barely as well as the units they marketed under their Tozai generic brand. It's a $10 Sony radio; surely it's no match for mySony XDR-S10HDiP HD Radio with Dock for iPod/iPhone, which sits in my bedroom and gets everything I desire, right?Well, I have to say I was completely wrong. This little thing is surprisingly receptive, much more than the GE and with a much better dial which measures tuner sensitivity much better. Even though the tuner dial is smaller I can guide it over frequencies much better than the GE and the sound for a mono transistor unit is amazing. I was shocked that something so small can work so well.And I can attest to the radio indeed being quite reference quality in getting AM DX signals; my easy gets from the East Coast (WCBS in New York and KYW in Philadelphia) come in very clear at night and interference is much more minimized, while my local stations sound right. Even between a strong signal from Manitowoc and a Chicago 50,000 watt station sandwiching the signal, I have had no problems receiving CBW, the CBC Radio One station in Winnipeg without any interference from either of them. FM stations come in stong with antenna adjustment, a welcome relief from putting the GE in fun positions (i.e. on its side leaned in a window sill in order to get one station from Milwaukee.This has become my main radio outside of the home or on the go, and I am very pleased with this purchase. It's a good value and product for what money you do pay for it, and I would recommend this radio for anyone just looking for something small to listen to, an emergency kit, or for the game. You won't be disappointed.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'A little marvel',
      'unixReviewTime': 1287792000,
      'reviewTime': '10 23, 2010'},
     {'reviewerID': 'AGQVFOX6EZ9WW',
      'asin': 'B00006B9QM',
      'reviewerName': 'Stacey Faber',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'glad to be able to find these still as our machine require them and they are getting harder to find as the technology advances',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'glad to be able to find these still as our ...',
      'unixReviewTime': 1404259200,
      'reviewTime': '07 2, 2014'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A3REK3OFONWB1Q',
      'asin': 'B000097O5F',
      'reviewerName': 'Paul M. Provencher "ppro"',
      'helpful': [5, 5],
      'reviewText': "This purchase was long overdue.  My computer was running slow but it wasn't so bad that it bothered me much.  Then I installed Office 2007...  That was a big whack on memory usage, and it brought my computer to it's knees.  Add to that the 3 IP security cameras, big honking digital images, iPod, and everything else we expect from our computers, and I was sitting staring at a cursor for minutes at a time.I bought 4 1-GB cards.  They came in two days.  I cracked open my computer, snapped out the measley 512MB (two cards) and snapped in these four bad-boys.No kidding, I closed the box, reconnected the power cord and booted it.  The only thing that was different was the quick message that I had 4GB of memory, and the machine was up and running many times faster than before.Where my hard drive used to sound like a washing machine (and take about as long as a large load) now it's mostly silent and my computer screams by comparision to before.  I should have done this years ago!Great Price - Easy Upgrade - Painless!",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'OMG!',
      'unixReviewTime': 1257379200,
      'reviewTime': '11 5, 2009'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A32G9VGEURO9KT',
      'asin': 'B0001Y7UAI',
      'reviewerName': 'Linda Merritt',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "Worked like a charm.  SATA installed...if the stupid power unit had long enough cords, I wouldn't have needed this.  I did though, and it was perfect.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Just what the doctor ordered',
      'unixReviewTime': 1390867200,
      'reviewTime': '01 28, 2014'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A1VBEZPLSZ837A',
      'asin': 'B00005ATMI',
      'reviewerName': 'Sterling Howells',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'Just bought this case and it is awesome! Needed somethin to hold all my dvds! Gives great storage while reducing space. Not very portable haha but I dont need to carry my dvds everywhere so it works great!',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Worth the Price',
      'unixReviewTime': 1299456000,
      'reviewTime': '03 7, 2011'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A38Q3YGW0FYY1Q',
      'asin': 'B0001FTVDQ',
      'reviewerName': 'M.',
      'helpful': [2, 3],
      'reviewText': "By far, the best headphones in their price range out there having done the research. They were a gift actually, but I personally own the 595s to which are nothing short of amazing. If you want a set of headphones that'l last for life, can blow away the Bose headphones you see plastered all over the television commercials, and want to hear your music come alive, Senheiser headphones are the way to go, especially these, and the 595 headphones, depending on how much you're willing to spend.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'awesome!',
      'unixReviewTime': 1199664000,
      'reviewTime': '01 7, 2008'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A3OY03STLZCY1',
      'asin': 'B00004T8R2',
      'reviewerName': 'Patrick Ryan',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "You know what you're getting into when you buy these. They get the job done and are really cheap, albeit a bit dorky-looking. I'd suggest a decent pair of earbuds over these, but they sound fine and keep outside noise where it belongs.",
      'overall': 3.0,
      'summary': "They're $4",
      'unixReviewTime': 1375920000,
      'reviewTime': '08 8, 2013'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A2ENCRFDCSGA75',
      'asin': 'B000068CNU',
      'reviewerName': 'Victor H. Ramirez "Vic"',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'who knew this little investment would make such a difference? I learned the hard way. The average UPS has what, a few hundred joules protection against surges? no wonder our file server kept getting hit, in spite of being hooked up to a ups. this little strip here, for less than 35 bucks, offers what, 2500 or so joules protection? so I did an experiment. I put this strip into the so-called conditioned power outlet, then the UPS into this, then the server into the UPS. well, this server has not skipped a beat, while the other servers attached to just a ups have failed twice now. you do the math.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'great investment',
      'unixReviewTime': 1210291200,
      'reviewTime': '05 9, 2008'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A3LNDQCJLYYX5D',
      'asin': 'B000051WW9',
      'reviewerName': 'Ken Stuart',
      'helpful': [2, 2],
      'reviewText': "Santa left one of these players under the tree for me this year, and so far it has behaved very well.  Overall I am pretty pleased with it, especially given that it came with kit components.I'm slightly disappointed by the fact that the player always plays MP3 tracks in alphabetical order for a given folder (not counting when it's set to random), so when I listen to a folder with tracks from a symphony or soundtrack, they don't play in the order they were ripped.Of course I could append a track number to the name of the file before burning MP3 CDs, but I'd prefer to be able to set the player to process by file creation date (i.e., track order as ripped) or alphabetically.I've sent e-mail to Memorex's customer support with this question, so we'll see what they say.",
      'overall': 4.0,
      'summary': 'Nice player/kit, just one wish item',
      'unixReviewTime': 978134400,
      'reviewTime': '12 30, 2000'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A54IUHRKPQ9DA',
      'asin': 'B0000AAAYY',
      'reviewerName': 'Katielee "Katielee"',
      'helpful': [3, 3],
      'reviewText': "I happened to see this while I was browsing for accessories. I can't believe it is still available. I bought mine back in, I think Spring '04. I'd had an older digital and it was time to upgrade.  After much searching and reading, I settled on this camera. I have not been disappointed. Even though it is 4 megapixels and I have it set down to about 3.2, I get beautiful, clear, sharp pictures-still. The difference I have found is in the lens. The German made Schneider, Kreuznach lens (not sure of the sp here)makes a world of difference in the picture quality. I've looked at newer camera's (more megapixels) and of course noted the lens type, but to tell you the truth, this little 6440 gets such great quality I can't quite justify getting a new one.Even on it's normal auto setting I am able to catch action shots of my granddaughter sliding and swinging, even water mid-air. I haven't even bothered with the action setting.The only complaint I have, and it really doesn't qualify as one, is the telephoto shots are blurred- I get around that when editing in zooming and cropping, and when I take several shots in a row (not needing burst) the shutter speed slows down. A good choice still for a point and shooter and for great vacation pics.2008--I still have this camera although I have looked at newer models with higher megapixels. I worked out the telephoto thing, I have to hold still, and then it usually turns out clear and sharp. In comparing it with the newer models this camera is still outstanding. Just on auto it takes crystal clear, sharp and detailed action shots. I recently went to a Pow Wow and caught beautiful action shots of the dancing, everyone commented on how professional they looked, like a postcard. And I'm no photographer. And the color it captures is wonderful. I friends and relatives who have picked up I think the Z1012, and mine is better. So other than he low pixels not making good enlargements, I'm not giving it up.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'This is a terrific camera',
      'unixReviewTime': 1164326400,
      'reviewTime': '11 24, 2006'},
     {'reviewerID': 'AHE466NUDCZB4',
      'asin': 'B00004ZCJE',
      'reviewerName': 'Ralph B. Lehotsky "RBL"',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "I purchased this filter, not for it's filtering capability (which is quite adequate), but rather for protection of the exterior surface of a new Canon EF-S 10-22mm f/3.5-4.5 USM Ultra-Wide Zoom Lens.  I place UV or Skylight filters on all my lenses for protection.",
      'overall': 4.0,
      'summary': 'Good Lens Protection',
      'unixReviewTime': 1390003200,
      'reviewTime': '01 18, 2014'},
     {'reviewerID': 'ALI3POB1GIB3J',
      'asin': 'B00009USW3',
      'reviewerName': 'Norman24',
      'helpful': [7, 14],
      'reviewText': "Great lens if you can get it right... I had to send mine back to Canon twice for calibration, second time with the camera.. Fist time lens was found with a broken USM.. Fortunately they replaced it but it came back so so.. Pics were not sharp as this lens is known to be... As of this writing, I haven't received my lens back yet, so will see...  I purchased this lens in April of 09...[...]",
      'overall': 3.0,
      'summary': '400mm f/5.6 L',
      'unixReviewTime': 1246924800,
      'reviewTime': '07 7, 2009'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A3VGPIDQFDVLG4',
      'asin': 'B00008WMBT',
      'reviewerName': 'Jan Klier',
      'helpful': [1, 2],
      'reviewText': "Technically this product works, and once you've setup it will just do its job and you'll forget that you have it.But to get there is quite the hazzle. The install instructions are incomplete, and whoever designed the product made a lot of assumptions about your environment, which is most annoying.Unpacked the device - all the usual, device, network cable, power adapter, separate antenna, CD with software. Put everything together and installed the software, ready to configure the device. As part of setup the bridge needs to be connected via wired network to setup the WiFi parameters. But the software can't find the bridge and the error message is useless. Tried all kinds of things, no luck. A few Google searches later found out that the device defaults to a different subnet than my network is operating on. So had to go to my network settings and temporarily change my computer to a different static IP address and netmask to get the setup working. Then once configured, reset everything.End to end to get it working, 1 hour.There aren't many reaonably bridge bridges out there which support WAP encryption. But this is not a device for folks which aren't good with advanced network configurations.",
      'overall': 2.0,
      'summary': 'Works, but not easy to setup',
      'unixReviewTime': 1224201600,
      'reviewTime': '10 17, 2008'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A1LKDIGVJ204U3',
      'asin': 'B0000AHO91',
      'reviewerName': 'Mark Hauman',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'works great as advertisedtru white color not like so many other phone products that are more almond than white despite ads',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'works great',
      'unixReviewTime': 1356307200,
      'reviewTime': '12 24, 2012'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A1JRVC0DYLFM8D',
      'asin': 'B00006JN3G',
      'reviewerName': 'Marti R',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "After using just a handful of times, the felt pad came off the pen.  Waste of money.  Only reason I didn't give it 1 star is because the brush end still works.. perhaps because I don't use it because I don't need it.",
      'overall': 2.0,
      'summary': 'Broken within a week',
      'unixReviewTime': 1395100800,
      'reviewTime': '03 18, 2014'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A1U4TQ0MPFWHPX',
      'asin': 'B000233ZMU',
      'reviewerName': 'greg',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'great for keeping a video card cool, there is noticable amount of noise when turned to max speed, fan speed is very easily adjustable without opening computer case. if you bought a video card without a pre-build in fan this is very easy solution to heat problems.',
      'overall': 4.0,
      'summary': 'Does its job',
      'unixReviewTime': 1346803200,
      'reviewTime': '09 5, 2012'},
     {'reviewerID': 'AITOPIPH3QPQN',
      'asin': 'B000089GN2',
      'reviewerName': 'Jens Zorn',
      'helpful': [0, 2],
      'reviewText': 'I bought these headphones to provide a reduction in distracting noise when I was trying to listen to audio in a public environment.  The reduction was not really satisfactory, so I returned the headphones to Amazon (I must say that the return process was smooth and easy, with refund also on my return postage).In retrospect: It may be that I expected too much from headphones that do not enclose the ears.',
      'overall': 1.0,
      'summary': 'Not up to my expectations',
      'unixReviewTime': 1242086400,
      'reviewTime': '05 12, 2009'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A378ERXCUZ7ICO',
      'asin': 'B0001FTVEK',
      'reviewerName': 'Paracletos',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "The audio was exceptional and a great solution for watching TV when my wife is sleeping. Also my hearing is going, so the ability to understand every word was a great aid for me. You have to rotate a dial to tune in the frequency, but that's a minor nuisance, once you get used to it. Two problems should be mentioned to prospective buyers, however. First, I find the center head piece (on top of my head) to be uncomfortable too soon - like a half hour. I'm assuming that's because they have slots for the charging stand cut into the foam on top of the headset (so there is connection for charging). The headset, for me is loose, so you can't move around much without fooling with it. Second problem, for me, was that the unit stopped working within 4 months. Kudos to Amazon for being willing to replace them. However, if I could have, I would have exchanged it for an upgraded RF unit that Sennheiser makes and would have gone for the difference. The small earpiece units that hang downward would undoubtedly be more comfortable. We'll see if the replacement has problems. Whatever you do, get the RF wireless unit - not the IR units - so you don't have to worry about line-of-site interruption.",
      'overall': 3.0,
      'summary': 'Great Audio, When Working!',
      'unixReviewTime': 1371859200,
      'reviewTime': '06 22, 2013'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A2ZQ0IWH69117P',
      'asin': 'B00005OTG6',
      'reviewerName': 'P. Burdick "pataburd2"',
      'helpful': [4, 4],
      'reviewText': "For a street price now of about $10, Philips has produced a very well thought out, well built, good-fitting, nice-looking and very listenable set of behind-the-neck headphones.  The longer cable length with anti-pullout feature, and the gold-plated mini plug are bonuses not usually available at this price point.Their sound is lively, smooth, spacious and tonally rounded, with enhanced bass effect.  Not as open, resolved, well-paced and detailed as the Sennheiser PMX60 (costing $35), the HS500's can at times sound a bit congested--slightly shrieky in the highs, honky in the mids or boomy in the lows--with demanding musical passages, especially massed voices and instruments.  But given their essential musicality and bargain price, these complaints amount to minor quibbles for the HS500's.Nice for portable and low-to-mid Fi gear, and a thoughtful gift for friends and relatives who can appreciate sound quality a notable cut above the default headphones that came with their iPod or Walkman.Four (4) solid and well-earned stars.",
      'overall': 4.0,
      'summary': 'A Bargain-priced Over Achiever',
      'unixReviewTime': 1137110400,
      'reviewTime': '01 13, 2006'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A1FPVTPIJF9IIQ',
      'asin': 'B00000JDF8',
      'reviewerName': 'BadassEX-Sailor "The boy ain\'t right"',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "I used this for a server I have running in a corner of the room away from my PC.  I plugged this into one monitor port, and now I don't have to use a finicky remote control software to access the PC.  The cable is good quality and provides a clear image of the screen.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Great for out of sight PC',
      'unixReviewTime': 1373155200,
      'reviewTime': '07 7, 2013'},
     {'reviewerID': 'AH3QW8UQ4ULZN',
      'asin': 'B000051299',
      'reviewerName': 'Batman',
      'helpful': [0, 1],
      'reviewText': 'few days on and already making noise.It was quiet at day 1 but i could already hear it the next day.Its quiet noisy if u ask me. I wish i could post a video for you to hear it. But even video wont be enough.',
      'overall': 2.0,
      'summary': 'I think its garbage',
      'unixReviewTime': 1391904000,
      'reviewTime': '02 9, 2014'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A2JMSJO1Z8C8ZQ',
      'asin': 'B000067RT6',
      'reviewerName': 'Steve',
      'helpful': [1, 1],
      'reviewText': 'I purchased a Cables to Go cable.  At least that was the description on Amazon.  I have multiple cables from Cables to Go; so I know what they look like, and I know what their packaging looks like.  Hohertz Technologies LLC was the party who supplied the cable, and neither the cable nor the packaging they sent me was from Cables to Go.  Amazon needs to start policing and punishing these sellers who substitute generic junk for genuine products.  I will never purchase anything from Hohertz Technologies LLC again.',
      'overall': 1.0,
      'summary': 'Hohertz Technologies LLC sent me some generic junk cable',
      'unixReviewTime': 1365552000,
      'reviewTime': '04 10, 2013'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A223587NJNOIGU',
      'asin': 'B0001A99MO',
      'reviewerName': 'J. T Tatsuda "Computer Techie"',
      'helpful': [13, 29],
      'reviewText': 'I ordered a Mini-iPod from Amazon back on April 30, 2004. The original ship date was June 1, 2004. Amazon has delayed shipping me the product 3 times now, and my latest scheduled ship date is September 2, 2004.My recommendation to you is go somewhere else to get the product!',
      'overall': 1.0,
      'summary': 'NOTE: Review is for DELIVERY of iPod',
      'unixReviewTime': 1090540800,
      'reviewTime': '07 23, 2004'},
     {'reviewerID': 'AZJ2OF5TAF2RH',
      'asin': 'B00005AB9R',
      'reviewerName': 'J. Rust "Rusty"',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'This is extremely simple, one button, no synching with your camera, no programming.  Just put the camera in remote mode and hit the button. This comes with no instruction whatsoever, probably because it is so simple.  Does what is is supposed to do.',
      'overall': 4.0,
      'summary': 'Super Simple',
      'unixReviewTime': 1265846400,
      'reviewTime': '02 11, 2010'},
     {'reviewerID': 'ATTFTGJKCAHV',
      'asin': 'B00004THCZ',
      'reviewerName': 'J. M. Verbois "rodeo pro"',
      'helpful': [0, 1],
      'reviewText': 'This 75-300 lens will allow me to take pictures of the little subjects. Also allows me to make long distance close up. The lens was well packaged so as not to get damaged and was as described. Thanks Amazon.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': '75-300 cannon lens',
      'unixReviewTime': 1320537600,
      'reviewTime': '11 6, 2011'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A12NY7SQBLALT5',
      'asin': 'B00009R6WO',
      'reviewerName': 'Razors Edge "RazorsEdge"',
      'helpful': [2, 2],
      'reviewText': 'I like the fact the lens does not extend when zoomed. It is well built and not too heavy. It is typical L build quality with nice optics. Not a lot sharper than the Sigma 18-50 EX lens I bought this to replace but if sharp was all I was looking for I would have been disapointed, I like the rugged feel and the weather proofing. I also like the full time manual focus. I plan on upgrading my body with a full frame sensor and when I do that I think the lens will be even sharper.',
      'overall': 4.0,
      'summary': 'My Second L lens',
      'unixReviewTime': 1192579200,
      'reviewTime': '10 17, 2007'},
     {'reviewerID': 'AQOQU349FW325',
      'asin': 'B0000C20R9',
      'reviewerName': 'D. Straus',
      'helpful': [6, 6],
      'reviewText': "This is a great product.  I dont know how the sound quality compares to other products, but I know the quality is 100x better than my Dell Altec Lansing 2.1 system.  280 watts is not as much as the z-680s, but it is enough for a small to medium area.  If you don't need the home theater decoding, these speakers are an incredible value.Installation was incredibly easy, it took longer to untangle my old speakers' power cord than to hook this up.  Everything is color coded.One minor low point is if I put my ear DIRECTLY in front of the speaker (less than 1 inch away), I hear a very low hissing sound.  When I sit normal distance (2 feet) from the speakers, it is absoulutely silent in the room.  Even 5 inches away there is no hiss.  This is the amp making the hiss, and not my sound card, because when my computer is off there still is a slight hiss.  Don't let this turn you away, as I think it is typical with almost all high powered speaker systems.With my Audigy 2 sound card, the quality is amazing!  Buy these today if your speakers are either 2.1 or low quality other ones.  You won't regret it!",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Great product',
      'unixReviewTime': 1070409600,
      'reviewTime': '12 3, 2003'},
     {'reviewerID': 'AF3HHL61IMR25',
      'asin': 'B0000E3DQE',
      'reviewerName': 'Silverlaker',
      'helpful': [1, 2],
      'reviewText': "This will last 1 to 6 years and then the optical block will go out, giving you a blue sceen. Be prepared to shell out over a thousasnd dollars to repair it. The part is 750, installation is 350, and having Sony look at it is $95. Bulbs will cost you about $250, and you should keep one spare handy at all times. They go pretty quick. So does the plastic housing around the bulbs. But there's no need to replace it, it will just melt again.Avod this set for the the price of $200. It will run you 3-4 grand and it's not worth a hundred bucks. I think I can tell you why it's called the Grand Wega. It will cost you thousands in up upkeep after you buy it.",
      'overall': 1.0,
      'summary': 'Broken and expensive to repair.',
      'unixReviewTime': 1290556800,
      'reviewTime': '11 24, 2010'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A2T4Z8KK08TOGB',
      'asin': 'B00008AWKZ',
      'reviewerName': 'Betoled "Betoled"',
      'helpful': [0, 1],
      'reviewText': 'No it did not meet might expectations. My desktop did not recognize the device and I am in the process of returning it.',
      'overall': 1.0,
      'summary': 'Woulld not recommend it.',
      'unixReviewTime': 1388188800,
      'reviewTime': '12 28, 2013'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A2XSGH4PUZ9V8M',
      'asin': 'B00006IS4X',
      'reviewerName': 'Amazon Customer',
      'helpful': [1, 1],
      'reviewText': 'My old realistic radio shack analog receiver out performs the radio reception that this has. This is a nice radio, but certainly not the best for the money.',
      'overall': 3.0,
      'summary': 'Digital tuner is nice, reception not so nice',
      'unixReviewTime': 1401753600,
      'reviewTime': '06 3, 2014'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A1016Q5UDME15Z',
      'asin': 'B0000D80D3',
      'reviewerName': 'Shon',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'The quality was just horrible. Even my brightest outdoor photos were not very good... I only had about 5 pictures that were just about ok. Next time I might just get a waterproof case for my iPhone or something..',
      'overall': 1.0,
      'summary': 'not good at all',
      'unixReviewTime': 1401148800,
      'reviewTime': '05 27, 2014'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A3C3VITIMY0DJJ',
      'asin': 'B00003006K',
      'reviewerName': 'Josh',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'If you\'re considering buying this switch, you most likely have more than a few computers to network.  And if you\'re the casual home user, this switch will give you appreciable performance at a great price.  As a geek with 4 constantly-on computers with a mixed OS network, I can say that this switch (which was an upgrade from a 5-port 10/100 hub) really improved my network connections.First off, you should know the difference between "hubs" and "switches".  Hubs are your typical central connecting device that will allow you to hook up more than one computer on to the network at a time.  They are usually quite cheaper than switches, at the price of loss of performance.  Switches have separate bandwidths for each port, unlike hubs; thus, allowing more traffic to go through between each computer on your network.  Of course, if you\'re going to be doing nothing but sending e-mails and occasional web surfing, a cheap hub will do all of this for you.  But for the heavy gamers or those that want to use network intensive tools will appreciate the individual bandwidth that each port gets.Some people complain that by switching to this switch, their network performance has decreased.  This was the case with one of my computers, where transfer rates sharply fell from 42% capacity to 1.2% in a matter of seconds, rendering a 1GB file transfer practically impossible.  After a bit of analysis, I found 2 causes for this: 1) faulty cabling, and 2) cheap unreliable network adapter.  If you have cheap old network cables that have been crushed by chairs, doors, etc., they could be affecting the reliability of your network, and the full duplex operations of the 100Mbit network could be adversly affected by line conditions to where it has to resend packets to correct transmission errors.  The other common culprits are cheaply constructed network adapters (NIC\'s) with especially poorly written drivers.  I replaced all wiring with 350MHz Cat 5e cabling and replaced all cheap cards (e.g., CNet Pro 200) with higher grade ones, and the reliability and transfer rates have soared to a little under theoretical maximum throughputs.  According to a network expert, some recommended lower-cost cards are D-Link DFE-530TX (uses the RTL 8139 chipset) or 3Com EtherLink or 905TX series.Too many people blame the switch when it is really their setup\'s fault, and it should be pointed out that the switch is very well-made and easy to setup.  It should be pointed out that the switch does make an electric "fuzz" noise that many switches/hubs will generate.  If you are using quiet computers or laptops or are planning on putting the switch anywhere quiet, you might find the noise distracting.  However, it\'s a subtle "quiet" sound, so the level may vary depending on your perception of loudness.  Also, if you have more than 8 computers, it should be noted that these switches are not stackable so you it won\'t be as neat.  Wall mounting is possible and probably recommended, as a small, light-weight device such as this tends to not stay on the ground very well if the angles at which you plug in the network cables lifts or pulls on it.There aren\'t any true flaws in the product, works and performs well, and I readily recommend it to anyone seeking to setup or improve a home network on a budget.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Good Consumer-Grade Switch',
      'unixReviewTime': 1039910400,
      'reviewTime': '12 15, 2002'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A3NE7BWSEOHIWJ',
      'asin': 'B00006HVWL',
      'reviewerName': 'Jim from Ky. "Reddog"',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'Good price and value for this item. CHeaper than any of the discount stores, and other electronic stores. If you can save money, do it. Got it the next day too.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Good price and value.',
      'unixReviewTime': 1356220800,
      'reviewTime': '12 23, 2012'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A1PC34OXBBHDEF',
      'asin': 'B0000BZL1P',
      'reviewerName': 'KENNETH T SAFREED',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "Don't have one? do you need one ? you decide . They do work as described an they protect my &#34;L&#34; lenses",
      'overall': 4.0,
      'summary': "Don't you have one yet??",
      'unixReviewTime': 1375660800,
      'reviewTime': '08 5, 2013'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A3LZMGP3NHWAK',
      'asin': 'B0001LTT5K',
      'reviewerName': 'Bargain_Shopper',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'Logitech designed this excellent mouse.  It is small and compact for business travellers who take their laptops with them on trips.  It is also excellent to be utilized at home when your deskspace is limited.  It also fits perfectly for those who have small hands.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Perfect for Travelling and Lack of Space on Desk...',
      'unixReviewTime': 1213401600,
      'reviewTime': '06 14, 2008'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A285W3N2KHGII1',
      'asin': 'B00009V6U0',
      'reviewerName': 'Andrew Greimann',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'I bought this to upgrade an older Mac, and it worked rather well--but I will honestly caution buyers on one thing (which is why I removed a star): make sure you are really buying DDR and not DDR2 memory. I accidentally ordered DDR2 memory and had to install it inside my G4, rather than inside the PowerBook G3 it was originally intended for. Otherwise, this is a great product, helps give OS X more room to operate, and works just great.',
      'overall': 4.0,
      'summary': 'Upgrade went well',
      'unixReviewTime': 1395705600,
      'reviewTime': '03 25, 2014'},
     {'reviewerID': 'AL1I1N96E64ZS',
      'asin': 'B00007EDZG',
      'reviewerName': 'Isaac Kishk',
      'helpful': [9, 11],
      'reviewText': 'Once you set up your camera for remote, make sure you dont go back and try to take a shot using the camera button, it takes it out of remote mode (D80).  Why cant they both work in unison?  I dont know.  Aside from that small issue, works as expected, first press is focus, second is shutter.  They could have implemented a two stage button to have some sort of consistancy, but they chose to keep the remote slim.',
      'overall': 3.0,
      'summary': 'could be better',
      'unixReviewTime': 1168560000,
      'reviewTime': '01 12, 2007'},
     {'reviewerID': 'AHMV0VLLZSM18',
      'asin': 'B000092TT0',
      'reviewerName': 'handyman',
      'helpful': [2, 2],
      'reviewText': "I have always had a subwoofer connected to my various stereo systems over many years. This subwoofer made buy Polk is the best I've ever had. The sound is crisp and clean and very powerfull. I'm thinking of changing my entire speaker system to Polk speakers. By the way..I live in a condo and this subwoofer is not too much for my neighbors as some reviews have suggested..it does have a volume control.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Outstanding subwoofer',
      'unixReviewTime': 1318636800,
      'reviewTime': '10 15, 2011'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A1XCA99IXPBIKV',
      'asin': 'B000067SMH',
      'reviewerName': 'Kiran Kurian',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "It is thick, which is nice, but not too thick. It is a VGA cable, I personally can't see any big difference between this and a normal VGA cable, nor did I expect to really. To be honest, I expected it to be longer. It seems 6-feet isn't that long nowadays, I have seen this with the other cables I have purchased with this from Amazon. Next time I buy any kind of cables I am going to go with 10-ft but 6-ft isn't too bad unless you have things at a distance like I do. I could still connect it to my monitor so that is nice. Just make sure you know how long you want your cables. But this shouldn't discredit the VGA cable. It is still nice so it deserves 5 stars!",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Good VGA cable',
      'unixReviewTime': 1329868800,
      'reviewTime': '02 22, 2012'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A3GVDH2V3HK9IG',
      'asin': 'B00009EHJV',
      'reviewerName': 'Andy',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'I use Windows 7 and Windows 8. I plug the USB connector into the computer. An additional microphone devices pops up, select the default input audio device to this. And everything should work. I also find the additional power button to be extremely useful.',
      'overall': 4.0,
      'summary': 'It just works',
      'unixReviewTime': 1381363200,
      'reviewTime': '10 10, 2013'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A132UAXQEMO52E',
      'asin': 'B00001P4XA',
      'reviewerName': 'T. Angelo',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "I like how the foam plugs conform to your ear, but if you want them in tight - like for running - and you don't get them wedged in just right, the foam will squeeze shut and block the sound.",
      'overall': 4.0,
      'summary': 'Good sound... but finicky',
      'unixReviewTime': 1154563200,
      'reviewTime': '08 3, 2006'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A36ASPXOI87E5I',
      'asin': 'B00009R9BP',
      'reviewerName': 'HWAG',
      'helpful': [1, 1],
      'reviewText': "This fits the Fujifilm X-Pro 1 (with 35mm lens attached) very well. This also fits a Nikon FM with 50mm f/1.4 Nikkor AIS lens. (It definitely wouldn't fit something as large as a Nikon D800.)  I like the additional protection this case offers when traveling with the camera. I do think it would be a bit cumbersome to use when actually out with the camera, but for storage and travel it's great.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Great for the Fujifilm X-Pro 1 and 35mm SLRs',
      'unixReviewTime': 1348963200,
      'reviewTime': '09 30, 2012'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A246VEUHS3MLLK',
      'asin': 'B00005T3BD',
      'reviewerName': 'TopCat',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'do like them but the bass response is little light. However, it is hard to get good bass in a small speaker. Also, make sure when you cut your holes to make them a little larger than the template or it will squeeze the grills when you pop them on.',
      'overall': 4.0,
      'summary': 'like them',
      'unixReviewTime': 1367712000,
      'reviewTime': '05 5, 2013'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A1O6ZRHBYGF4G7',
      'asin': 'B00009MK5M',
      'reviewerName': 'Mergathal "Mergathal"',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'It is a lens cap. Good enough replacement for the one that was lost. Otherwise, what else is there to say.',
      'overall': 4.0,
      'summary': 'It is a lens cap.',
      'unixReviewTime': 1392336000,
      'reviewTime': '02 14, 2014'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A1STW7ZA3XZ9VV',
      'asin': 'B00000J1UQ',
      'reviewerName': 'Matthew',
      'helpful': [1, 1],
      'reviewText': 'This is what I used to replace my monitor power cable that I also lost.  This way I was able to turn on my monitor.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Gave Power to my Monitor',
      'unixReviewTime': 1363651200,
      'reviewTime': '03 19, 2013'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A3Q0TCX5Y5PWGM',
      'asin': 'B00006HYKM',
      'reviewerName': 'B. Ware',
      'helpful': [6, 6],
      'reviewText': "While easy to set up, and otherwise works fine, as a router it leaves something to be desired.  I cannot maintain a persistent connection either in or out via this router.  If I login to any of my usual working computers using ssh, the connection is dropped and timed out after a few minutes, meaning I have to login again on another shell.  This is not an intermittent problem, as when one connection dies, I can immediately open another shell and ping the device or log in again - it just drops the connection.I also plugged my old non-wifi SMC Barricade back in and had none  of these problems, so I know it isn't me.I tried to email customer service and got no reply.  I called customer service and got a fellow who didn't know what ssh is, and whose only solution was to reload the driver from the (very slow) website.So I'm returning this device and getting something else.  Probably a wifi SMC Barricade.",
      'overall': 1.0,
      'summary': "Won't maintain an ssh connection",
      'unixReviewTime': 1042070400,
      'reviewTime': '01 9, 2003'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A2LCNPFVNITE7H',
      'asin': 'B0000AZK4G',
      'reviewerName': 'WSetliff',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'For the price I was pleasantly surprised at how good a quality these really are.  Nice solid construction.  Good tool',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Surprising',
      'unixReviewTime': 1389052800,
      'reviewTime': '01 7, 2014'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A8NPXEA6PX1XS',
      'asin': 'B0000AZK0D',
      'reviewerName': 'Spectre686',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "Works just fine.. I'm using this with a Microsoft wireless keyboard and a Microsoft Wireless mouse and both work great through this. It does take a few seconds to register when you switch over but that is expected with a USB based KVM. Overall it does what  I need it to. I'm displaying 1920x1080 and the pictures seems to be just fine.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Works as expected',
      'unixReviewTime': 1390521600,
      'reviewTime': '01 24, 2014'},
     {'reviewerID': 'AEAYQJZD5K0IZ',
      'asin': 'B00007M1TZ',
      'reviewerName': 'Wireless Worker',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'Read all the reviews and purchased with no regrets. Excellent sound quality (I was able to turn the volume on my phone down from the previous headset).Listeners say my voice is clear and easy to understand.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Great Headset, Great Value',
      'unixReviewTime': 1208217600,
      'reviewTime': '04 15, 2008'},
     {'reviewerID': 'AAQ9NJ480N9W5',
      'asin': 'B00004XOM3',
      'reviewerName': 'P. Mulloy',
      'helpful': [1, 1],
      'reviewText': 'I am not a camera expert but this lens is great for taking closeups, especially of flowers, plants, and bugs.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Great',
      'unixReviewTime': 1397606400,
      'reviewTime': '04 16, 2014'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A3SIZVHWCTD9Z3',
      'asin': 'B00009UTYE',
      'reviewerName': 'William Grayson',
      'helpful': [1, 1],
      'reviewText': 'This is one SOLID piece of equipment! I love it. I can stage my reflector in just about any position or angle with ease. Expensive but excellent value.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'I love it!',
      'unixReviewTime': 1323734400,
      'reviewTime': '12 13, 2011'},
     {'reviewerID': 'ALALSJJM0N7QD',
      'asin': 'B00005NIMR',
      'reviewerName': 'Timothy Sebring',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "This cable worked perfectly, was packaged great, and was a great buy compared to the cables at local retail stores that can cost as much as $80 (yes, for the same cable, somehow they package them as 'premium cables', even though that's just a scam)I was finally able to download video off of my DV cam from months ago with this cable.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Great cable, works perfectly.',
      'unixReviewTime': 1199923200,
      'reviewTime': '01 10, 2008'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A1KJHM0CQOV5S6',
      'asin': 'B0000A576B',
      'reviewerName': 'M. Hypolite',
      'helpful': [4, 6],
      'reviewText': "Best hard drive i've ever owned. Had many maxtors, ibms and western digitals. All bummed out on me after intensive uses ranging from 6 months to 2 years. This seagate works perfectly and is extremely fast. My new trusted parter in hard drives is seagate.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Best Harddrive Manufacturer',
      'unixReviewTime': 1111363200,
      'reviewTime': '03 21, 2005'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A214RK048M8QA9',
      'asin': 'B0000C4DX6',
      'reviewerName': 'Eric M "Buyer of Things!"',
      'helpful': [3, 3],
      'reviewText': 'Just as my title says, its a keyboard. The "comfort type" feature kind of put me off at first (the keys are angled for comfort) but this keyboard really is quite comfortable and easy to type with.  Also none of those annoying media buttons taking up extra space.  The response from the keys is great and it makes that awesome "clack" sound when you type. Good keyboard, buy it.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Its a keyboard.',
      'unixReviewTime': 1181260800,
      'reviewTime': '06 8, 2007'},
     {'reviewerID': 'AIKDYQA4NKI7A',
      'asin': 'B00005111T',
      'reviewerName': 'Peter A. Johnson "Uli"',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "I simply cannot get too excited about a serial cable, and even less so about a gender bender. This little device is what it says, and it does what it says it does - turns a dude cable onto a chick cable, or vice-versa. Construction is okay, seems to hold up fine. The stand-offs canbe removed and replaced as needed. Can't say anything negative about it, and the price is right.",
      'overall': 4.0,
      'summary': 'Again - WOW!!!',
      'unixReviewTime': 1361750400,
      'reviewTime': '02 25, 2013'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A3JLJMCPL7V7TK',
      'asin': 'B0001FTVEK',
      'reviewerName': 'john smith',
      'helpful': [2, 3],
      'reviewText': 'Got these wireless headphones because i was having trouble hearing my tv with all the background noise. They work pretty good. The only thing they could improve on is they dont cut out the background noise very good.',
      'overall': 4.0,
      'summary': 'sennheiser rocks',
      'unixReviewTime': 1382400000,
      'reviewTime': '10 22, 2013'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A2VZNEM0V65R10',
      'asin': 'B00009R6TA',
      'reviewerName': 'Susan Miller "SusieQ"',
      'helpful': [1, 1],
      'reviewText': "I've been using this bag for my camera gear for years now and it's still going strong.  The quality is excellent with plenty of pockets, 'holders,' and protection for your gear.  Normally I carry my Canon 5d Mark II with prime lens, telephoto lens, hoods for both, extended battery pack, filters, charger, remote and memory cards.  There is still room for some snacks and even a drink when using the outside pockets.The only complaint that I have about this pack is the comfort level.  Out of 10 (10 being perfectly comfortable) I would rate this an 8.  With all of my gear this bag is heavy and it causing me to sweet!  The breathability is practically none!  Other than that, this is a great bag and one that I feel safe carrying around my thousands (and thousands) of dollars worth of gear.For the price you can't go wrong!  The quality is great.  The safety for your items is top notch.",
      'overall': 4.0,
      'summary': 'Almost 100%',
      'unixReviewTime': 1338076800,
      'reviewTime': '05 27, 2012'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A27QYR0V6HBV7',
      'asin': 'B0000A2QBP',
      'reviewerName': 'Scottsdale',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'Bought these for line input to connect portable devices to our cars line input! Yes, most cars have bluetooth but can share a connection with only one device a a time. This allows a second phone to also have use of the cars speakers.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Convenient and perfect length',
      'unixReviewTime': 1376438400,
      'reviewTime': '08 14, 2013'},
     {'reviewerID': 'AL4KCWA5PTHH2',
      'asin': 'B00009R72R',
      'reviewerName': 'Patrick',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "This spray didn't seem to work for me.Perhaps what I was trying to clean was not compatible with this cleaner.Rewashing the negatives and wiping them with a PEC-PAD did a better job.An interesting tidbit: this smells like Hoppe's #9 solvent.",
      'overall': 3.0,
      'summary': "Didn't seem to work",
      'unixReviewTime': 1377129600,
      'reviewTime': '08 22, 2013'},
     {'reviewerID': 'AJ8AQG2X9JJ2Y',
      'asin': 'B00004T8R2',
      'reviewerName': 'Donald Gillies "secretbearer"',
      'helpful': [2, 3],
      'reviewText': "For many years I bought sony headphones, MDR-8, MDR-9, MDR-10, MD-15, and so forth.  And the price kept going up and up, $8, $12, $15, $19.  Finally I started buying replacement pads at a wholesale telecom headset supplier online for $0.75 per pad, i could refurbish those headphones.  But now, the sliding portions of the headbands are breaking.After reading the reviews, I decided to buy 3x sets, one for a car DVD player, one for my backpack (use it with laptop, occasionally), and one for a spare.  They just arrived this morning and I could not be more delighted.These produce excellent bass and excellent high-frequency sound.  If there is any error in the frequency response, the midrange might be low by 1 dB or something, but that's just my first impression.  They are comfortable to wear and I am still trying them out, I can't believe my great luck.  For only $12, I got not just one headphone this time, but 3x headphones, with free shipping (I ordered other goods at the same time.)  I couldn't be happier for these headphones, at this price.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Beats anything else under $20.00',
      'unixReviewTime': 1271808000,
      'reviewTime': '04 21, 2010'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A114N74EW2K22L',
      'asin': 'B00006JPF8',
      'reviewerName': 'Mike K "technoguy"',
      'helpful': [28, 30],
      'reviewText': 'The Coby CX-CB12 portable radio is an analog multi-band radio that can be had for under $10.  At this price you can\'t expect much, but the question is...is it worth spending any money on this radio?The radio itself comes in a nice box and it includes a set of ear buds.  The radio would be considered a large coat pocket size radio.  The overall feel is a bit better than what you would expect for such an inexpensive radio.  Instead of thumbwheels you actually have side-mounted knobs to turn which (in my opinion) are easier to use.  The front of the radio contains the speaker, the slide rule dial, a little tuning light and slide controls to turn the radio on (a nice feature) and to change the bands.  The analog dial features a little indicator that tells you what band you are tuning.  Unfortunately, the dial\'s contrast is low making it difficult to see the numbers.The radio is powered by 2 AA batteries which should last a long time.  It was a tight squeeze to get the batteries in.  You also have a port for an adapter, but one is not provided.The earphone jack allows mono output through both stereo ear buds. The speaker provides reasonable "pocket radio" sound at a reasonable volume.  Sound is much better using headphones and actually is quite pleasant.Performance:LW:  The US doesn\'t use long wave (except for some beacons) so I couldn\'t test this.MW (AM) AM reception is OK.  I was able to tune Chicago stations with ease.  I was also able to tune strong out-of-state stations from many locations including 50 KW clear channel stations from Texas, Colorado, New York and Tennessee.  Selectivity was a bit below norm but OK.  Strangely, if the telescopic rod was extended, the radio would whine more and (toward 1600 KHz) it would actually pick up shortwave.SW:  The Coby provides a number of shortwave bands.  With the built in whip antenna it did a reasonable job of receiving international broadcasts.  Its simple single conversion design did results in images and some birdies and di-dah sounds, but they were not too objectionable.  I tried the radio with a short 10 foot wire attached to the whip antenna.  This overloaded the radio and I started to hear AM broadcasters on the shortwave.  Selectivity is OK for this type of set.  Shortwave would only be suitable for the big broadcasters like the BBC and Radio China but it did a reasonable job receiving those stations.FM:  At my office FM was fair.  However, my home is only a few miles away from a local FM station.  The station at 95.9 pretty much obliterated the lower portion of the FM dial.  I could get our town\'s college station at 89.1 but not much else until WFMT at 98.7.  Shortening the antenna had no effect.  Based on this FM would only be acceptable if you were far away from any broadcasters.If the FM section worked better, the Coby would be a nice little radio, especially at $10.  No, it is not as good as a $50 dollar radio but at $10 it is in the disposable category and it could be used at the beach, camping or as a gift to a kid who has expressed an interest in radio.  With that said, the FM performance was so disappointing that it would be hard to recommend it.  A very good alternative is the jWin JX-M14 which can also be had for around for $10.  It doesn\'t have quite the same frequency coverage but it does offer a digital readout, better FM and decent MW and SW performance.  The jWin handles a short wire antenna well, giving it the ability to pick up weaker stations.',
      'overall': 2.0,
      'summary': 'OK except for FM performance',
      'unixReviewTime': 1111190400,
      'reviewTime': '03 19, 2005'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A2WV8Y608V90IJ',
      'asin': 'B00005UKBD',
      'reviewerName': 'Erica Ford',
      'helpful': [1, 1],
      'reviewText': 'THis is the camera to get to do all your professional digital shooting.  I know there are better cameras out there but this one offers the most value.  It has all the features I need (automatic lighting correction) and its zoom capability is very useful for sporting events.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'the camera to get',
      'unixReviewTime': 1031529600,
      'reviewTime': '09 9, 2002'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A3MJXNJJLPYD76',
      'asin': 'B0001I95CA',
      'reviewerName': 'DW1',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'Kingston makes good ram and i would never turn down ram from this maker as its top quality all the way !',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Good product',
      'unixReviewTime': 1385683200,
      'reviewTime': '11 29, 2013'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A1VGGID8XZB75',
      'asin': 'B0000E3DQ7',
      'reviewerName': "Mo' Data",
      'helpful': [1, 1],
      'reviewText': 'After about a year of occasional use, the right side broke off. Yes, the sound quality is good, but the a random $20 AIWA from best buy sound as good attached to my IPod. Not sure why I paid $150 for these. Stupid me !',
      'overall': 1.0,
      'summary': 'Mine broke too',
      'unixReviewTime': 1144540800,
      'reviewTime': '04 9, 2006'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A3I88OJ7DVC4RN',
      'asin': 'B00002MZ8G',
      'reviewerName': 'Tammie M. True "True"',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "I bought this keyboard a few years ago at a store. I feel in love with the touch on it while testing it out there. All was well for years. Then one morning my cat knocked my mug of coffee over and it poured all down right into the keyboard. I had no hopes to finding a replacement, but did. It arrived quickly, same old keyboard in stunning new shape. I should buy another. Keyboards with a nice touch are very difficult to come by. The programmed button shortcuts are handy too. Can not say a bad thing about it. I'm not much for wrist rests but I even like the one that comes with this keyboard. It is a PS/2 Interface, which means it's the round plug in, not the rectangular USB one. Make sure you have an PS/2 to usb adopter on hand if you don't have a PS/2 Interface.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Microsoft Internet Keyboard',
      'unixReviewTime': 1348012800,
      'reviewTime': '09 19, 2012'},
     {'reviewerID': 'ADKXNP8VECJNO',
      'asin': 'B0000632H7',
      'reviewerName': 'MWCraft',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "I bought this to use on my old faithful camcorder before my son's senior year. I used it to clean the camera before taping his games and have noticed any problems.",
      'overall': 4.0,
      'summary': 'It Works (I Guess)',
      'unixReviewTime': 1401408000,
      'reviewTime': '05 30, 2014'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A1VR9II0HC7ZQ6',
      'asin': 'B0001GZ87I',
      'reviewerName': 'Della Street',
      'helpful': [0, 2],
      'reviewText': 'Not quite what I wanted to carry my ipads in but they were more like a piece of bulky luggage. I returned them, will keep looking for a case to carry my stuff and maybe a wallet and keys paper etc.',
      'overall': 1.0,
      'summary': 'Targus Luggage',
      'unixReviewTime': 1364515200,
      'reviewTime': '03 29, 2013'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A1FTNVJHP2435Q',
      'asin': 'B000067SOH',
      'reviewerName': 'sliprocket',
      'helpful': [1, 1],
      'reviewText': 'Used to attach a VGA monitor cable to the DVI inputs on an nvidia video card on windows 7 machine.  No problems, works fine.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Works great, no problems...',
      'unixReviewTime': 1357344000,
      'reviewTime': '01 5, 2013'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A3NKRADYHW2CIP',
      'asin': 'B00000J1V5',
      'reviewerName': 'Marisol Esquivel',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'Ya, this thing is pretty cool. I bought it to connect one electronic thing to another and to my surprise, it worked! Data is being transmitted as I type this thanks to this cord.',
      'overall': 4.0,
      'summary': 'thank you cord for my data transmissions',
      'unixReviewTime': 1402012800,
      'reviewTime': '06 6, 2014'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A14QBFJ78C1LPE',
      'asin': 'B0000BZL1P',
      'reviewerName': 'Michael L. Craft "Camera Crazy"',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "I've used B+W lens filters for years--the quality continues to be excellent-these are ground flat and add no optical artifacts to your images while protecting the most valuable part of your gear--your lens!",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': "An excellent--and essential item for your camera's lens",
      'unixReviewTime': 1391904000,
      'reviewTime': '02 9, 2014'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A2UXBQFQ4DQ3R1',
      'asin': 'B00006BBAB',
      'reviewerName': 'J. Marmo',
      'helpful': [2, 2],
      'reviewText': "I bought this for my treadmill. It's a simple design and it works well. The indicator lights are helpful.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Simple design that works well.',
      'unixReviewTime': 1241654400,
      'reviewTime': '05 7, 2009'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A1UB5QUDTHG1BX',
      'asin': 'B00007E7JU',
      'reviewerName': '123 Easy "Alexander"',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'I bought a T3i not too long ago, which came with a 18-135mm lens.  This lens is quite heavy.  Now there might be situations when you do not actually need the zoom capability and you rather looking a light lens that does add too much "bulk" to you camera body.  The 50mm lens from Canon is the lightest lens Canon offers for their SLRs.  The relative aperture of 1.8 is far lower than the one of my standard lens that starts somewhere in the 3-something range and goes up depending on the zoom applied.  So, 1.8 will give you far more flexibility when it comes to low light conditions.  I read tests where the 50mm f/1.8 scored even better than the 1.2 version, which costs about a 1,000 dollars more.  The tests also show that the aperture set to 4 brings the best results.  In summary:  This lens is amazing.  It is light and you get crystal clear shots.  Just be aware that there is no zoom whatsoever.  50mm is "all" what you get.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Plastic Jewel',
      'unixReviewTime': 1324771200,
      'reviewTime': '12 25, 2011'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A30SCXATHF163U',
      'asin': 'B0002379UO',
      'reviewerName': 'marcus',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "mates to the DSLR body solid enough that i don't worry about it moving. I use it with a d200. Some times it takes a few rotations to find the notch where it slides off. t ring is all metal construction probably aluminum.some people complain it fits to tight but that is better then having it to loose or having wiggle room. Most of the Nikon mounts I have seen are stainless steal so you would have to really work at it to hurt the body.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': "it's a good buy",
      'unixReviewTime': 1396828800,
      'reviewTime': '04 7, 2014'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A22DGY7TK6LKUA',
      'asin': 'B000092TR5',
      'reviewerName': 'N. Tran',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'I bought 2 cards for my Dell Dimension 2400. It is running much much faster now',
      'overall': 4.0,
      'summary': 'Kingston 1GB Memory card',
      'unixReviewTime': 1252108800,
      'reviewTime': '09 5, 2009'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A3A36DP9IJPRPF',
      'asin': 'B00006HO3Z',
      'reviewerName': 'mefyne',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "Funny, you can never find a long cord in a store for anything less than $50.00. I found this to connect all my wireless devices and it's perfect, does the job and was definitely the right price!",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Very long',
      'unixReviewTime': 1368057600,
      'reviewTime': '05 9, 2013'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A14FQS9Z5USX0',
      'asin': 'B00007E7JU',
      'reviewerName': 'Cheap-n-Easy',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'There is a lot of debate here if this lens is worth it ... it is especially often compared to the 50mm 1.4 ... I think the article in the below link is unbiased and offers the most scientific research and objective conclusions into this question. A MUST read if you consider this lens!Since I cannot post a link here ... it is at Adorama dot com and called: 50mm Lens Shoot-Out: f/1.8 or f/1.4?',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': "Cheap and good doesn't happen often ..",
      'unixReviewTime': 1392249600,
      'reviewTime': '02 13, 2014'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A1L082ZQQG3JRF',
      'asin': 'B0000C3GWU',
      'reviewerName': 'princess of 4 "princesso4"',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'JBL Duet PC Speakers (2-SpeakerS, Aluminum)Awesome speakers and do just what is needed.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Great Speakers',
      'unixReviewTime': 1231977600,
      'reviewTime': '01 15, 2009'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A1ZI547WGZ8F26',
      'asin': 'B000067SOH',
      'reviewerName': 'R. Haun',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "I must have gotten a faulty one because it doesn't work. I've tested my cables and they work fine so something is up with the adapter. At least it was only $7 that I wasted.",
      'overall': 1.0,
      'summary': "Didn't work at all",
      'unixReviewTime': 1391472000,
      'reviewTime': '02 4, 2014'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A1XL4YLORJ5IBS',
      'asin': 'B000067SG2',
      'reviewerName': 'Ana Pendragon',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "I'm using it as we speak...It's working perfectly.I have no complaints.And a great price.I'm happy with this purchase and would highly recommend.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Ethernet cable',
      'unixReviewTime': 1352332800,
      'reviewTime': '11 8, 2012'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A6TBR6L2D4XKC',
      'asin': 'B00021EE4U',
      'reviewerName': 'Marvin R. Doering',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'Very happy with this lens.  I am using it on a Sony NEX-7 with the LA-EA2 adapter which means it autofocuses as well.  It is a nice size, stable lens which balances easily on the smallish Sony.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Tamron Macro Lens',
      'unixReviewTime': 1335916800,
      'reviewTime': '05 2, 2012'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A2E034FTFG93SO',
      'asin': 'B0000CE1UO',
      'reviewerName': 'Jimmy@R.H.',
      'helpful': [1, 1],
      'reviewText': "Frankly, i had no idea the difference between noice-cancelling earphones and sound isolating ones. Also, this one was my first Shure - i did know it's a outsanding brand. moreover, i didn't expect too much for a earphone costs less than a hundred bucks.BUT, this one really stands out. First, the package was wrapped tight, don't get me wrong, that's just a way to evaulate the product based on my experience, which is the product inside wouldn't be good if the wrap were frigle.Second, there are 5,6 options of the earphone caps (sorry, i don't know how to say it right, but check the picture, you know what they are) offering different fits for ur ear.And then, i plugged it in my computer and watched the Transformers: The movie once again - i guess it was my 23rd time. and you know what, believe me, I DROPPED my coffee when the Optimus Primes's voice and the theme music kicked in. WOW~ Not bad for the earphone less than 100 bucks. well, to be honest, i should say i must put the earphone in a pretty good position otherwise it wouldn't be that shocking. IT IS NOT EASY to put them into ears correctly, get used to it. you'll be fine after 30 or 50 times practices. ^^Finally, i tried it on iPod (60G Black Video), and i got disappointed for the proformance. Well, i started to blame the iPod thinking about throw it away. But, then i tried play mp3 files on computer, and it sucked too. at last, i realize it is the format issue that mp3 couldn't hold so many datas encoded the wide range of sound, even the config is up to 320kbps... so, i set the itunes importing to Apple Lossless Encode and then ripped my CD collections again. The performance got WAY BETTER. but still, it can't be compared with the ones on CD player, even not comparable with the CD played on computer. I guess i'll have to buy a cd player then~Sum up, it was a wonderful choice. and I bought this one just before the price went down, paid 79.99 for this, but now it's just 50 something. so what'r u waiting for? i'm thinking about the best Shure, SE 530, right now. ^^ (please don't muck me about my itunes usage, rookie mistake, and i just thought my experience might help some other guys out there. Thanx.)",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'it totally worths every penny you paid',
      'unixReviewTime': 1194048000,
      'reviewTime': '11 3, 2007'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A1VWS80LDSOCV8',
      'asin': 'B00009R6TA',
      'reviewerName': 'C . Diesel "Southern Fried"',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'It keeps my camera safe and I am usually with my little Girl so I could not go with a shoulder bag. It is a little thick and depending on your gear heavy. It serves its purpose and can be frustrating getting in and out of it. Especially in and out, off and on.',
      'overall': 3.0,
      'summary': 'Good Backpack Not so good Camera Bag',
      'unixReviewTime': 1211414400,
      'reviewTime': '05 22, 2008'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A23R7Y2G9EGRLU',
      'asin': 'B0000510R4',
      'reviewerName': 'A. Shiekh',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'I have a lot of tripp-lite isobars, and they are great, but for the washing machine I preferred this one that does not have a floating unit.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': "Good if one doesn't want wires",
      'unixReviewTime': 1352937600,
      'reviewTime': '11 15, 2012'},
     {'reviewerID': 'AZZ77XYX8O2WE',
      'asin': 'B00004ZCJE',
      'reviewerName': 'Judy S.',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'Perfect filter to protect your original quality camera lens. I have a CanonEOS Rebel T4i camera and a photography instructor just told me I made an excellent choice in this filter as it is necessary item for all lenses.  And the price is right.  Delivery was quick.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Necessary filter to protect camera lens',
      'unixReviewTime': 1381708800,
      'reviewTime': '10 14, 2013'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A329B6BKTHQ41A',
      'asin': 'B000026D8E',
      'reviewerName': 'Darin L. Kerr "DarinK"',
      'helpful': [3, 4],
      'reviewText': 'Perhaps Amazon has done some retraining of their warehouse crew since the earlier complaints were posted?  My 1TB OEM Seagate Barracuda was packaged very securely inside of foam padding similar to what is found in the packaging for retail Seagate drives.This box was then placed inside of a second box for shipping.It only took 4 business days to arrive via USPS!  Thumbs up to Amazon for their care in packaging of this drive for shipment.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Packaged very securely',
      'unixReviewTime': 1240704000,
      'reviewTime': '04 26, 2009'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A3UUXQKQOYHSVY',
      'asin': 'B000067O5G',
      'reviewerName': 'redhill',
      'helpful': [5, 5],
      'reviewText': "I guess my expectations of the product didn't fall in with what the product is supposed to do. Was expecing the filter to cut off the screen totally beyond a certain angle, but the reality is more like the screen gets progressively dimmer as the angle widens.Brought it on the plane when I was flying coach. My co-worker in the next seat could still vaguely see the graphics and color contents of my screen, albeit at a much dimmer view and it was hard to read the small prints. The guy at the next aisle probably can't see anything though.",
      'overall': 4.0,
      'summary': 'Works, but not quite what I expected.',
      'unixReviewTime': 1148515200,
      'reviewTime': '05 25, 2006'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A2NP5FE8BPYQR5',
      'asin': 'B000068OEO',
      'reviewerName': 'jimbo',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "The cables are just great.  I searched eBay and Guitar Center for these, they were $49.00 at eBay and about the same at Guitar Center.  This is the second cables I've purchased from Hosa, and their prices and quality can't be beat anywhere.  Perfect for M Audio speakers.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Hosa Stereo 1/8" to double XLR Male.',
      'unixReviewTime': 1381449600,
      'reviewTime': '10 11, 2013'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A1FDV3WPOHREY9',
      'asin': 'B00013MSUQ',
      'reviewerName': 'C. Scanlon "least helpful reviewer"',
      'helpful': [1, 2],
      'reviewText': "ok, so I admitstraight out of the box and trying to attach it BEFORE READING THE FINE MANUAL (R.T.F.M., as they used to say on the pre-Internet internet), I figured, wow, they sent a lens hood too big for my brand newCanon EF 50mm f/1.4 USM Standard & Medium Telephoto Lens for Canon SLR Cameras, and figured, shucks, have to mail it back and get something that fitsNO WAY! THIS IS THE LENS HOOD YOU NEED!Read the manual. It's just fine, and figures out how to get this thing on your great new f/1.4 50mm lens.Even I could do it.and the whole thing still slips into my small-as-it-can-be camera bagthis is greatjust what you needget one",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'efficient, highly effective, compact, gets her done, get one',
      'unixReviewTime': 1351900800,
      'reviewTime': '11 3, 2012'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A3TUGIRYA2XIWN',
      'asin': 'B0000VYJQU',
      'reviewerName': 'Albert Reingewirtz "Albert Reingewirtz"',
      'helpful': [2, 2],
      'reviewText': "I own a few Smartdisk HD's. I bought this drive expecting it to have a firwire port like all firewire HD's. It doesn't. Other than that it is a great HD with only a USB 2 port and a great deal that is hard to beat.",
      'overall': 4.0,
      'summary': 'Firelite with no Firewire!',
      'unixReviewTime': 1191456000,
      'reviewTime': '10 4, 2007'},
     {'reviewerID': 'APASW0USALPXM',
      'asin': 'B0001XX0NU',
      'reviewerName': 'White',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'The discs are excellent value.You can burn files to a DVD+RW more than once and you can also delete unwanted files from the disc. A DVD+RW can be burned and erased many times.I would recommend them to anyone.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Excellent DVDs.',
      'unixReviewTime': 1365033600,
      'reviewTime': '04 4, 2013'},
     {'reviewerID': 'AVV4964DVMUR9',
      'asin': 'B00005ATMB',
      'reviewerName': 'StoneyPA',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "Love the size and functionality of the 100-DVD wallet.  Provides ample storage for our collection but isn't too big like some of the larger sized wallets.  Solid construction, so should last years if it is taken care of.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Always like Case Logic media storage',
      'unixReviewTime': 1394582400,
      'reviewTime': '03 12, 2014'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A3B6PCNC86UB86',
      'asin': 'B00000JDF5',
      'reviewerName': 'Morgen F. Benner',
      'helpful': [0, 1],
      'reviewText': "It's a CAT-5e cable.  It's three feet long and black.  It worked exactly as described to connect my Kenwood D710 head unit to the main body of the radio.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'It Works',
      'unixReviewTime': 1365379200,
      'reviewTime': '04 8, 2013'},
     {'reviewerID': 'ABMF4UC4Z00NT',
      'asin': 'B000062VUO',
      'reviewerName': 'trlamb',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "Not as good as my Denon home theater system. But that's not how I am use these speakers. For attaching to my computer to play Pandora and Jukebox, they produce some really decent sounds with adequate bass. I am very pleased.The system was easy to set up. The two sound adjustment buttons are on the front of the main satellite and are easy to adjust. The satellite speakers are relatively small but quite heavy, like they probably contain good quality components. The subwoofer is bigger than I expected (which is a good thing if you have room for it) and it can be adjusted to vibrate the floor.I experimented with my laptop, desktop, and netbook. As you'd expect, the sound drivers really matter! It was easy to switch back and forth between computers, because there is just one wire from computer to subwoofer.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Great value',
      'unixReviewTime': 1312502400,
      'reviewTime': '08 5, 2011'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A1GYAEE9ISZKUA',
      'asin': 'B0001A3N6C',
      'reviewerName': 'E. Litvin "Wladis"',
      'helpful': [7, 8],
      'reviewText': "This review is for astronomers-amateurs who are looking for binocular 8X40.  I'm assuming that you are familiar with technical parameters in respect to your need and eyes.  This binocular is very nice designed, with good optic quality.  It does exactly what it says in the product specification, and gives your hands nice smooth feeling.  This binocular can compete with units in price range $120 - $150.  The only downside is that Nikon is not waterproof.  But I was aware of this from product spec, and my logic is when it is raining there is no stars.  I have astigmatism and wearing glasses for stargazing.  The picture is very clear and bright.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'I would strongly recommend using this binocular for astronomers-amateurs.',
      'unixReviewTime': 1166832000,
      'reviewTime': '12 23, 2006'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A397GH68WZJF92',
      'asin': 'B00022KOWU',
      'reviewerName': 'Joe Capasso',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'I\'m a working pro.  I photograph 50+ weddings a year.  I have the newer version of this with the fiberglass rods.  This does not hold up to a real working photographer\'s usage.  The 4 corner outside points are made of cheap thin metal that actually tear!.  The fiberglass rods tear through them like paper after a few uses.  The softbox opens like an umbrella, but if you accidentally open it too far, it gets stuck, and you can\'t close it.  Totally over priced.  Total garbage.  Westcott you should be ashamed of yourself for selling this.  The "rockstar" photographers who recommend this on their you tube channels are clearly too busy marketing themselves and their teaching workshops to realize this isn\'t worth 5 dollars.',
      'overall': 1.0,
      'summary': 'Worst portable softbox you can buy',
      'unixReviewTime': 1402012800,
      'reviewTime': '06 6, 2014'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A2Q3JAF2FM9O4S',
      'asin': 'B00007ISWA',
      'reviewerName': 'ferrari',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'I bought these to replace my old energizers that i had for my police scanner and even with these having a higher capacity it seems like im having to recharge them more and it takes longer.',
      'overall': 3.0,
      'summary': 'Work alright',
      'unixReviewTime': 1400284800,
      'reviewTime': '05 17, 2014'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A191AMOO5QYHPC',
      'asin': 'B0001D3JXG',
      'reviewerName': 'Mother of 2 "SBranco"',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "Cisco-Linksys notebook adapter is really easy to use.I litterally just plugged it in and it prompted me as to what I needed to do next.Connection was easy and everything still works to this day.Cisco-Linksys WPC54GS Wireless-G Notebook Adapter with SpeedBoosterI couldn't really give it 5 starts because of the speedbooster part of it.  As an average user I don't really see that this speedbooster really helps in any way.",
      'overall': 4.0,
      'summary': 'great notebook adapter',
      'unixReviewTime': 1326067200,
      'reviewTime': '01 9, 2012'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A7N477BTD475N',
      'asin': 'B00017LSPI',
      'reviewerName': 'tankamus',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'Great product.  Works great for getting the dust out of your camera.  Easy to use and is quite a forceful stream of air.  Use this item 1st before attempting to use swabs, etc.',
      'overall': 4.0,
      'summary': 'Works!',
      'unixReviewTime': 1399334400,
      'reviewTime': '05 6, 2014'},
     {'reviewerID': 'ABH9D1TEOJ56E',
      'asin': 'B000088UNJ',
      'reviewerName': 'jemaerca',
      'helpful': [60, 63],
      'reviewText': "the Kodak EasyShare 6000 dock is (almost) a one-stop shop for all CX/DX 6000 and LS 600 series cameras. it is small, lightweight, and very portable. it charges the camera's NiMH battery pack, connects via USB to your computer for downloading files, and connects to a TV for slideshows. if you want to print as well, look for the Printer Dock 6000.so is this a good buy? the bundle includes a rechargeable battery so that accounts for half of the price. the other half is for the convenience of being able to connect to your PC without having to remove your flash memory. if you look at it that way, this dock is a good value. but if you already have a flash memory reader, i would buy the rechargeable battery separately. if you want to go full-bore, check out the Printer Dock 6000. it's everything the Dock 6000 is plus an excellent 4x6&quot; printer.i hope this helps you with your buying decision. peace.",
      'overall': 4.0,
      'summary': 'easily connect to your PC and charge your battery',
      'unixReviewTime': 1067731200,
      'reviewTime': '11 2, 2003'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A3RLW85H7EYZR5',
      'asin': 'B00009UHJ9',
      'reviewerName': 'Bryan Kraemer',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "I have this in a 2000 Nissan Maxima. I only picked up a few stations when it was first installed but read another review about it being mis-wired and to hook it up backwards. It did the trick and it works great. Would've given it 5 stars but you may need to secure it with tape or heat shrink as it won't have the clip lock being hooked up backwards.",
      'overall': 4.0,
      'summary': 'Mis-wired but works great.',
      'unixReviewTime': 1356566400,
      'reviewTime': '12 27, 2012'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A27JWEL3JFXDSA',
      'asin': 'B00008ZPJU',
      'reviewerName': 'Al Garcia',
      'helpful': [1, 1],
      'reviewText': 'I recently bought a new notebook computer with built in wi-fi so to take advantage of that feature needed a wi-fi router. This one was the best option, the price is good and does really well its job. Allows you to share your DSL with 4 physically connected PCs and up to 99 wireless devices, so i plugged my desktop computer on it and paired my laptop. Now i have a home network, allowing me to print documents without the printer phisically connected to the notebook, use the desktop computer as a backup (just in case) by syncing documents and play games online. The speed as good as being phisically connected to the DSL modem, so you can make skype videcalls flawlessly',
      'overall': 4.0,
      'summary': 'Great for a Home Network',
      'unixReviewTime': 1183420800,
      'reviewTime': '07 3, 2007'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A2862MIILFPLMO',
      'asin': 'B00009UT3F',
      'reviewerName': 'Retired Tire Engineer "Drew"',
      'helpful': [1, 1],
      'reviewText': "This tripod works very well for any photographic purpose I can imagine.  It's not a tripod for a professional, but it's certainly more than good enough for my needs.  I like the fact that it comes with two heads so you can easily switch cameras.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Good tripod',
      'unixReviewTime': 1370822400,
      'reviewTime': '06 10, 2013'},
     {'reviewerID': 'AT6UIUABL79MG',
      'asin': 'B00009R996',
      'reviewerName': 'dave j',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'i got this for my 50mm lens, it is pretty confusing with the various lines and quality of filters made by various filter companies let a lone Hoya.  totally worth the extra money as i had a chance to try the lower priced filter and the build quality is noticeable. would recommend this line if one could not afford the high end version.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'great addon for the 50mm',
      'unixReviewTime': 1340755200,
      'reviewTime': '06 27, 2012'},
     {'reviewerID': 'ANZF4FV5CV5KO',
      'asin': 'B00009R98Y',
      'reviewerName': 'shutterbug33',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'I have used Hoya glass filters for over 25 years.  Why put an inferior filter over an expensive camera lens?  I like to protect my treasured lenses, not take away from their quality.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Hoya glass coated filters are great',
      'unixReviewTime': 1373760000,
      'reviewTime': '07 14, 2013'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A1OET0U28KXOUZ',
      'asin': 'B00004WCGF',
      'reviewerName': 'peggync',
      'helpful': [3, 4],
      'reviewText': 'Unfortunately this bag was too small for my camera. (Canon Rebel T3i).  I had to return it and order another bag.  It was nice looking and perfect for a small camera.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Camera bag',
      'unixReviewTime': 1363824000,
      'reviewTime': '03 21, 2013'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A3YAHY5THUMFU',
      'asin': 'B0001R03X6',
      'reviewerName': 'Royal "RoyalEF"',
      'helpful': [4, 5],
      'reviewText': "Like others here, I found the device relatively unconfigurable. After spending two hours trying to get it to join my WEP encrypted 802.11g network and print I gave up. Went to CompUSA, bought a Linksys single USB printer version, plugged it in and within five minutes was printing. As a consultant, charging a customer for three hours of work when it takes 5 minutes, does not make you look competant.I used the software that came with it, then downloaded all the latest drivers, and firmware, reset the box to default over and over. Iturned off WEP encryptionto isolate whehter it was an encryption imcompatibility--no help.  Tech support is 9-5 M-F so I was outside of any live help. Nothing worked EXACTLY as it was supposed to. This is just a badly designed or flawed product. Maybe some of them out there are better behaved--in which case we are looking at a poor Q&A; production value. EIther way it is a crap shoot. The unit got tossed in a box because it was beyond the return policy limit. Maybe one desperate day I'll pull it out and try to get it to work--when I have a feww hours to waste.It would have been nice cause I see the possibiilty of a second USB/wireless printer right next to the existing one within a year.",
      'overall': 1.0,
      'summary': "I'm sure it works great--IF you get it to work at all",
      'unixReviewTime': 1112572800,
      'reviewTime': '04 4, 2005'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A2EU4JERXUZDSI',
      'asin': 'B00001P4ZH',
      'reviewerName': 'sky58',
      'helpful': [1, 1],
      'reviewText': "I came to these headphones after coming from $180 Shure E210 earbuds that broke and these headphones are certainly on par, if not better, than them.  I loved my Shure earbuds and I love these a heck of a lot more.  The sound quality is superb and while there have been complaints about the bass for some, it's definitely not a deal breaker.  Personally, I appreciate the little extra bass these give.  It's not overwhelming, but it is noticeable that these headphones have more bass than others.  There are two major things that people may be concerned with with this product:1) The adjusters at the top of the band catch a few hairs on your head and may pull a few out as they're being removed.  Having short hair is beneficial with these headphones, but if you have long hair, simply hold the adjusters in place as you remove them and remove them gently.  You'll have no problems otherwise.2) These headphones leak sound just like any other headphone of this type.  If this bothers you, you may want to look elsewhere.  The sound leakage isn't super loud or annoying, but if you're in a quiet room and listening to rock music at a moderate level, a person a few feet from you will notice you're listening to music.Otherwise, the sound, the comfort, and the price makes these headphones worth it for anyone who is looking for a great pair of headphones.  They easily stand up to headphones within the $150-$200 price range and sound just as good for a fraction of the price.  No, these are not too good to be true.  You won't be disappointed.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Great headphones for a great price',
      'unixReviewTime': 1266624000,
      'reviewTime': '02 20, 2010'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A4HEXE6HKPTND',
      'asin': 'B00007EDM8',
      'reviewerName': 'darkdreamer',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "I've tried many different types of over the ear head phones (JVC, Panasonic, etc) but the ones I like the most are these Sony earphones. But...like another reviewer said, the left earbud ALWAYS fails on me. Most of them last around a year at the most and the left side always just shuts down.These are very comfy and fit snugly in your ear. It also doesn't pop out when you go running so that's why I like them. Some other ones (Panasonic in-ear) always pops out and I end up not wearing them anyways.Even though this is the best sport ear phones I've had - it's also the worst because of something faulty with it in itself - the left earbud. I'm not sure why this happens but it is always the same thing over and over again.",
      'overall': 2.0,
      'summary': 'Great sport earphones - for the 4th time',
      'unixReviewTime': 1324684800,
      'reviewTime': '12 24, 2011'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A2C3BWJJ4TT7FY',
      'asin': 'B000165F26',
      'reviewerName': 'J. R. "Monkihead"',
      'helpful': [4, 4],
      'reviewText': "When it works, it is very useful.  It sometimes doesn't pickup passing vehicles.  Also, for a device sitting out in the elements, the case didn't have a weather gasket to protect against water intrusion.  I guess for the money it is a decent product.  Long term reliability is questionable.",
      'overall': 3.0,
      'summary': 'Useful, but dont rely on it',
      'unixReviewTime': 1184198400,
      'reviewTime': '07 12, 2007'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A3UD0LC8A5MKAA',
      'asin': 'B000067S60',
      'reviewerName': 'Bryan',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'Needed these to protect my DVDs when giving clients their work.  The covers are  Pretty basic. Good quality. Good construction.Definitely a must buy!',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Cool Colors, Standard and Basic.',
      'unixReviewTime': 1387152000,
      'reviewTime': '12 16, 2013'},
     {'reviewerID': 'AT3RWQXIUK8FA',
      'asin': 'B000065BP9',
      'reviewerName': 'Deadpoet',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'They are designed for people with tiny heads.  I have an average size melon and these things are just a little too tight.  I love that the cord is very long, it definitely helps when sitting at a desk.  The range of highs, lows and mids is great.  Plenty of bass.  The sound is clear.  I wish wish they were a little bigger.  For the price, I think they are a good choice.  Hard to tell how comfortable they will fit your head unless you can try before you buy.',
      'overall': 4.0,
      'summary': 'Great sound, but they give me a headache.',
      'unixReviewTime': 1385596800,
      'reviewTime': '11 28, 2013'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A2KAC4LYUYY1YW',
      'asin': 'B0001HA8WW',
      'reviewerName': 'Matthew Dennis',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'This product is great at 2 things.  First it holds your CD\'s (or DVD\'s) as you would want it to.  Second, it is really thin, and so takes up very little space on your bookshelf, package or other place you might want to put it.  The colors are likely a helpful feature, but I wouldn\'t know since I use them only to ship out DVD\'s.  It\'s possible the people who receive the colored cases say something like "wow, that\'s a really pretty blue!", but if they do they don\'t share that with me.Good, quality product for the money.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Thin dual CD holder',
      'unixReviewTime': 1279584000,
      'reviewTime': '07 20, 2010'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A1ZJB5YBMOB8TM',
      'asin': 'B00004ZCDD',
      'reviewerName': 'Thomas L. Clark',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'I bought both this Haze-1 filter and a Tiffen circular polarizer at the same time. Shooting across a valley at distant mountains using both filters separately and together, I did find that the circular polarizer did a better job of reducing the obvious haze producing more saturated colors both in the viewfinder and on film. The Haze-1 did deliver a noticeable effect, but the circular polarizer was better and is priced accordingly. The atmospheric haze was so bad on that particular day that, without the filter(s), the resulting images were useless.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Tiffen Haze-1 filter',
      'unixReviewTime': 1269648000,
      'reviewTime': '03 27, 2010'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A13VP7IOKP9WZV',
      'asin': 'B00009MK5M',
      'reviewerName': 'D. Cobb',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'I dropped a lens cover that came with one of my lenses and needed a replacement. This is virtually identical to the original and gets the job done.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Good as Original',
      'unixReviewTime': 1238803200,
      'reviewTime': '04 4, 2009'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A315RG07K7A9RK',
      'asin': 'B000068O37',
      'reviewerName': 'Timothy H. Krispin',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "I use this cable in the family minivan to hook up whatever device is going to get run through the stereo - iPod, tablet, portable DVD player.  It's well built, flexible and works reliably.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Solid construction, perfect length',
      'unixReviewTime': 1362009600,
      'reviewTime': '02 28, 2013'},
     {'reviewerID': 'AR55R6T7RUE7C',
      'asin': 'B0002375F8',
      'reviewerName': 'Charles Ken Wilt Jr.',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'Bought these to use with a DVD copy machine for recorded sermons for the church. These are one of a very few blanks that will work with the copier.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Great',
      'unixReviewTime': 1402704000,
      'reviewTime': '06 14, 2014'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A3CCVHAQGNABZP',
      'asin': 'B000092TT0',
      'reviewerName': 'Pauli',
      'helpful': [1, 1],
      'reviewText': 'NOTHING TOUCHES THIS ONE IN ITS PRICE RANGE....A REAL WINNER! POLK CUSTOMER SERVICE IS TOPS TOO. WILL BUY ANOTHER ONE FOR OUR BEDROOM SYSTEM.THANKS',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'POLK 12" POWERED SUB',
      'unixReviewTime': 1369958400,
      'reviewTime': '05 31, 2013'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A1M3CH90ZQROYR',
      'asin': 'B00006IS4X',
      'reviewerName': '1yrloose',
      'helpful': [1, 3],
      'reviewText': "I'm really disappointed in this radio.  The shortwave sensitivity is so poor that most of the time the radio is useless as a shortwave reciever.  I've used previous Sony receivers similar to this one that were excellent receivers, but this one didn't follow in their tracks.  If all you want is an FM receiver, that part seems to work really well.",
      'overall': 2.0,
      'summary': "I'm disappointed!",
      'unixReviewTime': 1395273600,
      'reviewTime': '03 20, 2014'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A1E853YVBZEAHJ',
      'asin': 'B00007E7JU',
      'reviewerName': 'mark',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'For the price you cant beat it for an amateur lens. It is a great lens if u want want to take indoor shots. Everyone can take shots outdoors with the proper sun light but this one will be your portrait lens of choice until you upgrade to the 85mm 1.8f which is almost 4 times the price. It is an enjoyable lens, that is not heavy and takes great photos, which will end up being your natural lens of choice when you are deciding which one to mount to your camera.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Great Value',
      'unixReviewTime': 1279065600,
      'reviewTime': '07 14, 2010'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A3RWO8892KE5U',
      'asin': 'B00007M1TZ',
      'reviewerName': 'James Cannon',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'I kept getting complaints from customers when using my CT14. Common complaints/request was to turn up volume. Switching to the Panasonic headset was huge, and I mean huge in more than one way. Although it is an adjustable headset, the cushion part of head set rests nearly on the top of opposite ear. I have it on the smallest setting. This is a bit uncomfortable, unless you wear a hat, which is what I do. I wear a New Era 7 1/4 hat size, so I do not believe I have a small head. At least I can wear my favorite teams head wear while working for a reason. :)',
      'overall': 4.0,
      'summary': 'Huge upgrade from standard Plantronics CT-14 headset',
      'unixReviewTime': 1402617600,
      'reviewTime': '06 13, 2014'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A2QT2STSY5E145',
      'asin': 'B00008SCFL',
      'reviewerName': 'A. J. Murphy',
      'helpful': [1, 3],
      'reviewText': "This router was easy to setup and upgrade. It is important to upgrade the firmware as soon as you get it up and running. This eliminated some initial flakyness. I also had to reboot my cable modem AND the router to initially get the router to correctly resolve DNS on Comcast for some reason. No trouble since.The Wi-Fi signal is a little on the weak-side. I had no trouble with placement with my Actiontec DSL router from Qwest. This guy consistently dropped signal in the same location as the Actiontec. Since Wi-fi placement is more of an art than science, I move, elevated the router and now it doesn't drop. On the plus side I have NOT rebooted this router as much as the Actiontec.This is a solid router at a good price.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Solid router, weak Wi-Fi',
      'unixReviewTime': 1168300800,
      'reviewTime': '01 9, 2007'},
     {'reviewerID': 'ASE8VDX0ANO1Z',
      'asin': 'B00009UU18',
      'reviewerName': 'Ayinde Smith',
      'helpful': [7, 8],
      'reviewText': 'It works. So far no melt down of my D70s. I have it going on a year now.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'WORKING',
      'unixReviewTime': 1179273600,
      'reviewTime': '05 16, 2007'},
     {'reviewerID': 'ATFCHCYYCL54',
      'asin': 'B00004ZCJE',
      'reviewerName': 'D. Sapp',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'This is an inexpensive way to protect your 35mm or digital lenses.  High quality, no distortion, and additional filters can be added to this one.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Lens Protection',
      'unixReviewTime': 1255651200,
      'reviewTime': '10 16, 2009'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A2C352EB1Z0PZK',
      'asin': 'B000237C9M',
      'reviewerName': 'q256 "Richie"',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'It is a T Ring and it works on EOS 6D.There really is much to say other than it is functional and works.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'T Ring',
      'unixReviewTime': 1375833600,
      'reviewTime': '08 7, 2013'},
     {'reviewerID': 'AKZTPKUF24X6M',
      'asin': 'B0000511U7',
      'reviewerName': 'Picky picky picky',
      'helpful': [16, 19],
      'reviewText': 'I bought this unit because it had a more "industrial" look and feel than others. It has a few design elements that I really like as well. It has a 12\' cord - solid metal enclosure - 3840 joules of protection - off/on/reset switch - low profile 90 degree plug - "fault", "line OK", "protection present" indicators and a 12 amp breaker. I couldn\'t find the country of manufacture on the unit, the box or documentation inside the box, so I called. It was -- of course -- made in China. If I had been able to find a similar product made in the US, or anywhere else in North America or Western Europe. I would return this in support of those areas. Alas, no luck. There is absolutely nothing wrong with the product, I simply have several problems with supporting China.',
      'overall': 4.0,
      'summary': 'Rugged and heavy duty',
      'unixReviewTime': 1287792000,
      'reviewTime': '10 23, 2010'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A2B7BUH8834Y6M',
      'asin': 'B00004SB92',
      'reviewerName': 'Shelley Gammon "Geek"',
      'helpful': [42, 46],
      'reviewText': "About 5 minutes after I opened the box containing my Linksys Ethernet Router, I had it connected and set up without reading any instructions... the unit is clearly marked and you've really got to go out of your way to screw up.The instructions tell you what IP address to log into via your browser to get a snazzy looking login screen and administration pages. Linksys is known for its reliability and ease of use and I got recommendations from other users of this product.My less than perfect rating for this item is their total lack of acknowledgement of the Mac platform... it is to their own detriment. I have this set up with my Mac G4/400 (AGP), but mostly due to the ease of use of the Mac platform.This router comes with documentation for every flavor of Windows except 3.1, but does not give any instructions for Mac OS... not one word. It's hard to believe a manufacturer would have a potential audience of about 20 million Mac owners and not exploit the fact that their product works seamlessly w/ the Mac platform.Even their website remains silent on the Mac OS, which did leave me having some guesswork and figuring out stuff on my own as well as consulting MacFixit forums, etc.  The enclosed CD has additional instructions, but you guessed it... nothing regarding the Mac. For shame.The LEDs are pretty straight forward and it's easy to see at a glance which port is having activity. The unit is designed so that additional routers can stack and fit in an inter-locking fashion so that the legs of the unit above fit in indentations of the case below. The legs have rubberized feet pads to prevent scratching of nice desks.If you have broadband connectivity, you owe it to yourself to get a router such as this one to protect you from hackers. The Linksys Etherfast Router is known for having a dependable hardware firewall. Even if you're a Mac user, you can't do better for the price than this unit... you just may need to do some searches on the Internet for instructions by other Mac users to ease your comfort level.",
      'overall': 4.0,
      'summary': 'easy to set up, nice to look at',
      'unixReviewTime': 1011484800,
      'reviewTime': '01 20, 2002'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A36Y7X194VWVKA',
      'asin': 'B00006B7DA',
      'reviewerName': 'Mark D.',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "This is a great little unit with a missed opportunity... all that real-estate up top would have made an excellent place to move one of those ports to, or better yet, made it an eight-port, not seven-port unit.  While I do like that the ports are on the front, they're very close together and some older flash drives will either bump into each other, or for the wider ones, will bump into the desktop.Still, I can't knock them for something they didn't promise, so in that regard I'll only knock them one point for the jacks being so close together.Aahh... heck!  I'll give them a five.  It's really a 4.5 but they don't do halves here and I'm in a good mood! :)",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Great unit with a missed opportunity',
      'unixReviewTime': 1376006400,
      'reviewTime': '08 9, 2013'},
     {'reviewerID': 'AZXDHEZHJ7PNA',
      'asin': 'B00009UTVO',
      'reviewerName': 'Mberky07',
      'helpful': [4, 4],
      'reviewText': "this is a good product at a good price. it's solid construction and light weight are a great alternative for somebody on a budget. i've owned this for a couple years now and haven't had a problem.",
      'overall': 4.0,
      'summary': 'good product, good price',
      'unixReviewTime': 1228780800,
      'reviewTime': '12 9, 2008'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A1Z6IOK06DJM31',
      'asin': 'B00008V3EE',
      'reviewerName': 'Monday 317 "Average Joe, and jazz drummer"',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'I\'m an electronics guy with years of radio reception experience and was not impressed with this chunk.Now, I am aware that FM is finicky and you really can\'t expect any antenna to pull in a station from New York when you live in Chicago, or bring in a weaker station when you live next to a power distribution field. Got that--but Terk sells this thing for $40.00 USD and for that I expect it to do better than fail to pull in ANY station when I plug it in and set my Tivoli Audio Model One to "External FM Antennna".With the thing disconnected, I got a couple local stations fine. With it attached and unpowered, one of the two actually sounded a little better! When I powered on, I lost them both and had to bottom out the gain to get them back, though they sounded sucky thereupon. No amount of fiddling ever brought in the local but less powerful station I wanted and for which I bought this in the first place.It\'s not the end of the world, but I\'m returning this one. Moved the radio four feet and problem solved. This antenna should have done better IMHO.',
      'overall': 2.0,
      'summary': 'Yeah, whatever...',
      'unixReviewTime': 1352937600,
      'reviewTime': '11 15, 2012'},
     {'reviewerID': 'AWGHO4LB6ETDA',
      'asin': 'B00009R6VO',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'It is a silver strap - little else to say!',
      'overall': 4.0,
      'summary': 'Basic strap in silver.',
      'unixReviewTime': 1405209600,
      'reviewTime': '07 13, 2014'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A2BFRA0EY5SZRV',
      'asin': 'B00009VQA2',
      'reviewerName': 'John in Los Angeles',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "Its name says it all! - I assume N25 refers to its width in millimeters, just right for an SLR, and black so you are not a walking billboard for the camera manufacturer.  The soft and stretchy neoprene makes carrying a camera much more comfortable, though it does not slide so easily as other materials.  I could do without the quick release - it just adds clunkiness to the strap and though the quick-releases seem strong they could be a weak point?  The rest of the construction seems very well-made and I particularly like the way each camera attachment strap has two friction buckles - other straps I've had with only a single buckle have sometimes slipped and become detached.  So, streamline the thing doing away with the quick releases would earn five stars, but in the meantime it's four and I'm still looking!",
      'overall': 4.0,
      'summary': 'Close, but still looking for the perfect strap!',
      'unixReviewTime': 1322265600,
      'reviewTime': '11 26, 2011'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A13BUMCA7MBDJ2',
      'asin': 'B0000513O4',
      'reviewerName': 'Amazon Customer "plourd"',
      'helpful': [0, 1],
      'reviewText': "I have two of these, feeding two triplite power strips under my workstation. Very nice, all metal construction. Of course I don't know if I have stopped a surge yet, but good so far! Has nice lights that look good. Mine are mounted on the back panel under the desk. Easy to mount, looks professional when done.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Rock solid construction',
      'unixReviewTime': 1370044800,
      'reviewTime': '06 1, 2013'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A175XXVMLQA98A',
      'asin': 'B0000AI0N1',
      'reviewerName': 'J Rickman',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "Works well for what it's intended for.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Five Stars',
      'unixReviewTime': 1404259200,
      'reviewTime': '07 2, 2014'},
     {'reviewerID': 'AT6CZDCP4TRGA',
      'asin': 'B00005T3Q2',
      'reviewerName': 'Eduarrdo Nietzsche',
      'helpful': [3, 3],
      'reviewText': "Couldn't believe it...just 3 days after I got it and hooked it up, had a power surge: heard a small BLAT! come from this TrippLite as and the power went out in my room.  Went to check my in-wall circuit breaker and yep, it had flipped.  Went back to the Tripp-Lite, saw that both the green and the red lights were still on.  Touched it and noticed that it was quite warm in the area next to the power switch, so I decided to turn off the switch for a bit.  About 10 minutes later, turned it back on and confirmed that all the devices which were plugged into it (a laptop, 2 external hard drives, a powered USB hub, and a study lamp) still worked without a hitch.  So, two very impressive things: this thing not only did its job in protecting my equipment, AND it seems to have NOT been knocked out of action but also escaped unscathed!  (At least thus far...will update if anything worse happens subsequently.)Hallelujah!  I thank my lucky stars that I got this baby at just the right time...wonder what would've happened to my stuff if I'd continued using the cheap $13 generic power-strip/suppressor I'd bought off eBay.I have the Tripp-Lite Isobar protector for my home theater setup, but chose this model for my laptop because it claimed the same-ish (or maybe a little higher) Joule protection rating while saving me about twenty bucks...seems to have been a decent choice thus far!  The Isobar does feel a lot heavier and more substantial whereas this one is more plasticky looking/feeling, though it certainly isn't UGLY by any means...I actually prefer the dark gray-black color of the power cable and case over the white of the Isobar.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Got *just* in the NICK OF TIME!',
      'unixReviewTime': 1323907200,
      'reviewTime': '12 15, 2011'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A1B58TDQ0XQGU6',
      'asin': 'B00004T8R2',
      'reviewerName': 'J.C.',
      'helpful': [0, 1],
      'reviewText': "I gave these a 3 star rating but only because of the low price, otherwise a 1 or 2.Pros:Lightweight (but what headphones in this class aren't?)Cheap ( but what &#34; ... )Top band and slider rails appear to be made of HDPE plastic which is more flexible, won't become as brittle over time to reduce # of areas likely to break, and yet the top band would be even more durable made of spring metal and then it could hold an adjustment for optimal tension to suit your head sizeFair amount of bass for the cup size and price, not especially boomy, not out of control bass trying to make up for the shortcomings of a small driver and thin/light low volume plastic cupsFair cord length for portable use, ought to be 1' shorter for that but the extra 1' might help if your source is in a bag rather than a pocket nearer your head.90' plug doesn't stick up as far on portable players so they seem less bulky and there's less stress to the headphone jackFairly conservative design, no silly colors or shapes for niche artistic styling that not everyone would like, rather than the purpose of headphones.  They don't look &#34;as&#34; cheap as some in the same price class.Foam cushions are a little higher density than some, letting them sit closer to your ears.You won't care much if you break them or if they are stolen, except then you have no cans till you find a replacement.Cons:Lightweight - They have that empty tin can sound accentuating upper midrange, and they could have put a bit more plastic into the pieces that hold the cups only the adjustment sliders for more durabilityNo strain relief on the wires where they exit the cups.  If you coil your cord up for storage during portable use, you will find this to be one of the early failure modes.Clunky size adjustment, the notches in the HDPE rails are large and HDPE doesn't mold into distinct notches as well as other plasticsPre-molded angle on cups seems a little large compared to many cans, if your ears don't stick out a lot you may find they don't sit as flush against your ears as many cans despite the slight amount of swivel present, which results in loss of hearing much of the lower midrange and bassWhile the bass is fairly controlled for this price,  their marketing dept. fails with the feature &#34;XBS port&#34; because the bass is fairly poor relative to almost any (even slightly) larger cupped cans.  Small, light and portable is good but if you can accept an ounce of weight and a few millimeters size increase there are huge bass improvements to be had on cans with only slightly larger cups, and yet the price on those goes up some too.Although they are inexpensive, it would only cost a few cents more to make them more durable and improve the sound quality.  This seems like a false economy to me, my body and gear weigh dozens of pounds so why is shaving fractions of an ounce off their weight so important?  It isn't, this is just about saving a few cents in manufacturing cost at the expense of the aforementioned details.Overall:It's tempting to pick a product based on the lower price, but often you only get what you pay for.  Yes you could pay the same for inferior cans but don't let some of the more positive reviews fool you, these don't sound good at all relative to cans costly only a few dollar more.  They sound only slightly better than any $2 generic cans you can find anywhere.Despite all the pros I listed, they just don't meet the core purpose of providing good audio.  It is distracting how terrible they sound.  To be fair I would write the same about any $5 cans I've ever heard but on most I didn't see so many positive reviews that misled me into hoping these were different when they aren't.For a reference point, many consider me an audiophile.  My standards seem to be higher than average, but I'm not an elite snob about certain makes and models.  I've owned many a pair of cans and build some of my own audio gear and modify the rest.  Even so I am not trying to compare these against $40 cans, let alone more costly pairs.  They just don't sound good enough to use even if they were free, unless you're only listening to audible books or similar voice.  I would have returned them except that they are so inexpensive that it wasn't worth the bother.",
      'overall': 3.0,
      'summary': 'Only Because Of The Price',
      'unixReviewTime': 1361232000,
      'reviewTime': '02 19, 2013'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A2GTTEZQSTXUQ1',
      'asin': 'B00007GQLS',
      'reviewerName': 'S. Bronsak',
      'helpful': [6, 9],
      'reviewText': "Been a long time waiting for the opportunity to get this zoom lens based on reviews.  It's my first L series lens and once received was horribly disappointed in the results.  Based on the number of others who have shared they had excellent sharp results (even hand-held), I must have received a poor quality lens.  The build date was Aug 2011 according to the stamp on the lens.  Testing from 100m to 400m on and off a tripod, all results were soft or out of focus.  My Canon D60 kit lens (18-135mm) produces much sharper images than this professional L series lens.  I am returning for refund as I'm a bit leery now of trying for a replacement.  I sure hope this isn't the quality of all newer builds with this particular lens.",
      'overall': 2.0,
      'summary': 'Terribly Disappointed',
      'unixReviewTime': 1323907200,
      'reviewTime': '12 15, 2011'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A38Z4FY133XUX9',
      'asin': 'B00007E7UN',
      'reviewerName': 'Bharesh Dedhia',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'Just got it a few days ago for a terrific price. Holds a lot, including my DLSR, 2 lenses, charger, wires, My Camcorder, Camcorder charger, manuals and still has spacce. Dont think will need anything more',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Great carrier',
      'unixReviewTime': 1255996800,
      'reviewTime': '10 20, 2009'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A1H5OUCUX299LY',
      'asin': 'B00009YFTI',
      'reviewerName': 'Robert D. Emerson "remerson1953"',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'I needed this to add another SATA drive in an older computer. It was cheaper than replacing the power supply.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Adapt old style to new style.',
      'unixReviewTime': 1391040000,
      'reviewTime': '01 30, 2014'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A2TD0P2ERXNQX8',
      'asin': 'B0000630TF',
      'reviewerName': 'ziggrl the geek girl',
      'helpful': [3, 3],
      'reviewText': 'I spent a full day researching which tv capture card I was going to get and decided on the all in wonder radeon 7500.  I\'m glad I did.The installation was smooth.  Although it took a while to figure out how to set up to get audio.  I have 4 surround sound speakers and an amplifier.  When viewing TV, I finally did get sound, but it wasn\'t capturing the audio when I recorded.  Just remember that the to plug the adapter into the "line out" connection to the sound card.  Make sure that the "installation wizard" reflects that it is capturing to "line out" also.This card comes with everything.  All the cables for S-video, composite video, and audio cables.  But the best thing it comes with is the radio frequency remote control.  This baby does everything your universal remote can do.  And since it\'s radio frequency and not infra red, you can virtually use it anywhere in your house.The package includes an interactive TV guide that you can program to when and what you want to record, crossword puzzles, and Video Studio 6 (which I have not used yet).I have read other reviews on this product and most people will have difficulty with the installation.  When I installed the card, I went to ATI.com to update the drivers.  When I did, everything went to hell, so I did a system restore to get me back before I installed.  I\'ll keep the drivers that came with the disk, thank you.This All-In-Wonder Radeon 7500 just blows my mind!!  I think its about the best $130 I ever spent.  I recommend the All-In-Wonder Radeon 7500 because it gives so much for so little.UPDATE:  1/16/04  Must reinstall every few months.  Software is buggy.',
      'overall': 3.0,
      'summary': 'Great big bang for your buck',
      'unixReviewTime': 1052006400,
      'reviewTime': '05 4, 2003'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A3E1IXJ949VL29',
      'asin': 'B0000510VF',
      'reviewerName': 'JCR',
      'helpful': [1, 1],
      'reviewText': 'I use these on the E500.  The fit is perfect and for general "walk around" photography the bracket is perfect.  If you want to get more creative, however, you would need a much more adjustable bracket.',
      'overall': 4.0,
      'summary': 'Great fit for general purpose photography',
      'unixReviewTime': 1313712000,
      'reviewTime': '08 19, 2011'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A20QXFMFK2PIZR',
      'asin': 'B00005ATMI',
      'reviewerName': 'Daisy Perez',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'Not Bad pretty good little case!!',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Good!!',
      'unixReviewTime': 1404604800,
      'reviewTime': '07 6, 2014'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A3HLIPAGQIEHIO',
      'asin': 'B000071A7U',
      'reviewerName': 'Pierre Clement "pierrecito"',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "Well, I've now had my Tungsten T for about 3 months.  Hope the following points help you decide.applications:  I love them all!  I thought I would install lots of apps once I got the device, but after using it, I didn't see the need.  The apps that come with the base Palm OS are simple yet completely satisfy my needs.  I got rid of so many pieces of paper lying around our home-office, various files, emails, ... and put them on the pda.  It then synchronizes with the computer to have access and backup.  I use the Palm Desktop tool (bundled in), not the MS Outlook hookup.  I'm not a pro-Outlook person.battery life: I use my palm a lot.  My wife thinks it's a bit silly to use it everywhere.  I have to get her one now - seriously!  That would be perfect with bluetooth.  Getting back to the battery.  I use the palm all weekend and charge it when I get back to work on Monday - that's where the cradle is.  By that point, it's little more than half full.  So, I would assume it lasts 4 or 5 days of very heavy usage. Over normal weekends, I don't see the charge indicator change at all.  I do know that if the battery drains, then the data is safe for about a week.buttons: It's kind of convenient to have the audio recorder button right there on the side,  if only I used it.  The power button, I feel, is awkwardly located on top of the device, forcing me to hold the pda up before using it - otherwize I'd only be pushing it around.  The recorder button is right next to the power button, right where I put my fingers to hold the PDA when I turn it on - it's not a natural holding position for me.  If I put the pda in my pocket, or jacket, I often find it turned on when I pull it out because of where the buttons are.  I think a better idea would have been to place the buttons on the front panel. The device comes with a protective cover that would protect those buttons, had they been located on top face, like I'm suggesting.screen: I was concerned that it would scratch easily with the pen.  I was wrong.  It did, however, get scratched in my jacket pocket with my keys.  I was almost crying when I saw it, but it still works just fine.mp3: Real has released an mp3 player for Tungsten, but you must have a memory card (extra) with the device to use it.  You cannot store music files on the system memory.camera: I got the Veo camera with the pda.  It takes 'ok' pictures at 320x240 or 640x480.  You just can't move, or the picture will be fuzzy.  I've taken pictures of my kids.  That way, I can admire them anytime!  The camera weight in a little more then a peanut.  It's just incredible.  The manual focus is a bit of a pain.bluetooth: I haven't used it yet.  There are bluetooth access points out there, but I'm not sure how that would work.  From what I understand, you must have a bluetooth phone to use the web browser.I've accidently dropped it 3 times on hard surface so far, mostly from hip height level - if only it had a little parachute!  Nothing yet - but I wouldn't try it on purpose.Compared to Dell Axim: a friend has an Axim, which is substantially less money, a product that competes well with the Tungsten.  I know he likes his pda, but he rarely uses it because it's bigger.  Ok, it's not that much bigger, but it does make a difference if you put it in your pocket.  Imagine having a bigger wallet, but only that you cannot sit on it!  Where are you going to put it?All in all, after thinking I would never get a PDA, I now wouldn't get rid of it.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'my new and only personal agenda',
      'unixReviewTime': 1052956800,
      'reviewTime': '05 15, 2003'},
     {'reviewerID': 'ABMF4UC4Z00NT',
      'asin': 'B00007EDZG',
      'reviewerName': 'trlamb',
      'helpful': [5, 5],
      'reviewText': 'I use my remote whenever my camera is mounted on its tripod. I set my Nikon D60\'s remote-on duration for 15 minutes and I choose the remote shutter release setting. Then, I hold the remote a few inches from the shutter release, and the remote works every time.When I want to take a self portrait or group photo, I aim the remote directly at the "eye" on the front of the D60 under the shutter release, and the remote works every time. 15 feet away is as far as I have tried.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Very useful',
      'unixReviewTime': 1221436800,
      'reviewTime': '09 15, 2008'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A32IG4MF6UFC2I',
      'asin': 'B00009R6GE',
      'reviewerName': 'Chris R. Field "christoph281"',
      'helpful': [11, 15],
      'reviewText': 'So the "Peacemaker" arrived today.This is the first monopod i have ever bought. I was not sure what to expect.To say this is study would be an understatement. You could easily use this bad boy for home defence. Simply select the amount of "reach" you want with this snappy cugdel by extending the legs and you can wreak severe havok upon any unfortunate intruder who had the mistake of choosing your house. And after the carnage and chaos, you can use it to steady the camera to snap a few fun photo\'s of the aftermath.That aside, it is relativly light and straps to my flipside 200 pack with ease. The leg locks are strong and secure and you can tell this will hold some weight.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Good to steady camera, equally good for home defence.',
      'unixReviewTime': 1234483200,
      'reviewTime': '02 13, 2009'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A2ED50E3KWKUKW',
      'asin': 'B000089GN3',
      'reviewerName': 'KEN TELLS ALL "Perfectionist"',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "Can't go wrong with these. Efficient with good balanced sound.Only other phones that can come close are the Koss Porta Pros.Koss gives you more bass and PX 100 gives you more balanced sound.It also has a great carrying case that protects the PX 100 very well.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'GREAT PORTABLE HEADPHONES',
      'unixReviewTime': 1189296000,
      'reviewTime': '09 9, 2007'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A11DJX3UKJD737',
      'asin': 'B0000996BA',
      'reviewerName': 'White Doberman',
      'helpful': [1, 1],
      'reviewText': "Nice case for storing Garmin GPS when in transport. Not a functional case for in use though.It just barely zips over the antenna of my Garmin Rino 655t. Potential for a broken zipper in the future I'd guess.Thin padding may help for a drop, but not secure enough for serious protection.",
      'overall': 3.0,
      'summary': 'Barely fits Rino 655T',
      'unixReviewTime': 1343001600,
      'reviewTime': '07 23, 2012'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A3HCGSOLAHATVQ',
      'asin': 'B00003CWDK',
      'reviewerName': 'Fred in Los Angeles',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "Ok, I just installed a new LCD tv in my bedroom, mounted it to the wall, bought a power kit to have the plug in the closet be accessible and now needed a surge protector.  This was a cheap price for a high quality product.  First, you have a simple way to lable all your plugs... one of the biggest problems is taking plugs out... this has the plugs color coded and the cord gets a label to color coordinate it.Also the plus work well..  I have not had a chance to test a surge, but I noticed a better picture and sound on my tv... I think it's clean power worked... the other one(I bought two) is installed, but tv works as good as before....It was a great product and price... would recommend it to put all your high tech products in a safe powerstrip... small investment vs a destroyed home theatre equipment.... (explain why you did not do it to your wife after it is destroyed??? - get this now.. you will not be sorry!)",
      'overall': 4.0,
      'summary': 'It just works... and works well...',
      'unixReviewTime': 1289520000,
      'reviewTime': '11 12, 2010'},
     {'reviewerID': 'APGG4WRC4S61L',
      'asin': 'B00021XIJW',
      'reviewerName': 'Scott K "scottk"',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "BUYER BEWARE: Don't buy this unless you have a all-linksys network!  The documentation on how to configure this is almost non-existent.  The Linksys website offers no help either.  Good luck getting this to work if you own any other brand network hardware.UPDATE: In the hopes of getting this to work, I went out and bought the Linksys 802.11G Wireless Router.  Despite now having an all-Linksys network, this product did NOTHING to expand my wireless network's range.SAVE YOUR MONEY!  Do NOT buy this product.",
      'overall': 1.0,
      'summary': 'Horrible documentation; Did Not Increase Range at all',
      'unixReviewTime': 1093305600,
      'reviewTime': '08 24, 2004'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A2AWAUSQ2ZIZU',
      'asin': 'B0001G6U52',
      'reviewerName': 'Jeff Martens',
      'helpful': [6, 8],
      'reviewText': "If you want a nice camera that works well for 15 months, then look no further.  But mine died completely and is headed for the electronic recycling bin.  I didn't realize I was getting a disposable when I bought it.",
      'overall': 1.0,
      'summary': 'Great While It Lasted',
      'unixReviewTime': 1149811200,
      'reviewTime': '06 9, 2006'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A2FRTX7JBU8B3Y',
      'asin': 'B00009R96W',
      'reviewerName': 'L. Wilson "Lou W"',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'it protects my lens from finger prints damage and dust. As far as cutting haze I think that paet is not needed on digital cameras',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'it protects my lens',
      'unixReviewTime': 1362614400,
      'reviewTime': '03 7, 2013'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A7Y6AVS576M03',
      'asin': 'B00005T3DP',
      'reviewerName': 'gobirds2',
      'helpful': [15, 19],
      'reviewText': 'This is a good Flat Screen TV set from SONY. It has a Digital comb filter that increases picture resolution and reduces noticeable dot-crawl, which is visible on less expensive 27inch brands. It has Rear audio and composite video inputs as well as an S-video input for DVD, Laser Disc players and Super-VHS recorders for higher picture resolution. It also comes standard with Clock, Sleep Timer, Last Channel Recall, Remote and V-chip. I just saw this set this afternoon with a satellite signal and DVD demo. It looked excellent.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'What a Great TV Set',
      'unixReviewTime': 1005955200,
      'reviewTime': '11 17, 2001'},
     {'reviewerID': 'AZNJZHKHUSJKL',
      'asin': 'B00007E7C8',
      'reviewerName': 'James Keenan',
      'helpful': [11, 15],
      'reviewText': "I've been using these headphones for about 3 months now and overall I'm not satisfied with their performance.  I had read through many reviews before purchasing these headphones as there are many varying options in this price range.  These seemed to be the best fit for overall value/quality.  I'm unhappy with the overall sound quality as sometimes they make files sound grainy as if the file is of low fidelity.  I've tried them with different devices and they have this issue across all of them.  I also thought possibly that it was the quality of the files that were causing the issues,  so I then cross referenced the files by listening in different bit/rates and different file types.  It was not the file type that mattered.  They are ill equipped at handling very deep bass that I had previously come to know with a competitors headphones. This problem wasn't limited to music files either.  For movies, it seems the same issues occur.  The deeper notes lose their crispness and it's distracting.  The build quality seems good, I've had no problems in this area.  The fit and function work well also.  Perhaps I just got a bad example of this product,  but overall,  I would recommend buyers look elsewhere in this price range.I would not recommend this product to others.",
      'overall': 3.0,
      'summary': 'Better options out there',
      'unixReviewTime': 1339459200,
      'reviewTime': '06 12, 2012'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A2JOPUWVV0XQJ3',
      'asin': 'B0000645RH',
      'reviewerName': 'J_Onyx "I never let my schooling interfere wi...',
      'helpful': [2, 3],
      'reviewText': 'UPDATE - I lowered rating to 2 stars. I would not buy this again. Mine worked well until the first set of batteries were down, exactly five days after my Amazon deadline to return it! The sensor and receiver lights still come on but the alarm no longer works making it useless! Mine worked well as a motion alarm until the sound quit. This is not a quality made product. I\'m going to try the more expensive one made by another company.I call this motion sensor system a limited good value buy due to its downfalls that despite the low price will be a deal breaker for many people. I\'m a gadget guy and I\'m budget minded in that I practice money management. I let go of my money at least as hard as it is to get it.To save a penny or two, someone (not "they" or the "company") decided to broaden acceptable manufacturing specs such that the motion sensor is enough out of round on both ends that a light wind will cause it to rotate and set off the Chimes.To hype sensor sensitivity or save a penny by using the most common off the shelf 180 degree sensor, usefulness is  reduced.I\'ve been experimenting with this unit since I got it to see what exactly I can do with it. People can walk across my driveway on the sidewalk & not activate the chime but a car, SUV.or truck passing by the same way on the street sets it off every time.What many people want is a more focused sensor like mall stores had to compensate for having a wide open door way. More like an light beam straight line that chimes when something passes through. Like it is with hearing aids, the sensor industry has not kept up with the digital revolution. The Chinese have a less MBA notion of profit. Guess I\'ll have to search Chinese retailers for the inexpensive, low energy, feature rich security sensor  digital revolution technology makes possible.',
      'overall': 2.0,
      'summary': 'Limited Value Buy - Update!',
      'unixReviewTime': 1373587200,
      'reviewTime': '07 12, 2013'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A1G7YSW2KDLP3C',
      'asin': 'B00009EHJV',
      'reviewerName': 'Ronaldinho',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "I'm not sure why there's a bunch of negative reviews from people who have tried to use this mic with Windows 7...I use Windows 7 and it works perfectly fine. Plugged it in, the drivers installed almost instantly, and I was using it on Skype within minutes! Crystal clear audio, noise cancellation works great; what more could you ask for in a mic at this price?",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Works great with Windows 7',
      'unixReviewTime': 1335052800,
      'reviewTime': '04 22, 2012'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A3K5NZJWQPX6S6',
      'asin': 'B0000658CD',
      'reviewerName': 'J. C. Arizaga "jc"',
      'helpful': [0, 1],
      'reviewText': "I've been using my toshiba for 4 months now, and I believe its a great model out there in the PDA market. Packed with Pocket PC 2002 OS, the e310 is thin and lightweight, copared to other pocket pc's out there.The pocket pc 2002 OS is far much better than the latest Palm OS. As you may know, it comes loaded with tons of software, familiar in the regular Windows environment.Pros.- Size, weight- Crisp Screen, good speaker- Fast processor- A whole bunch of applications to useCons- It tends to crash sometimes, (erases all info, very annoying)- Only 32MB (although SD expandable)- Battery doesn't last as much as other PDA'sMy verdict:- For this price, excellent choice. (thats the reason for five stars)",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Great PDA for the price',
      'unixReviewTime': 1043020800,
      'reviewTime': '01 20, 2003'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A10T1OIEMJ3MCL',
      'asin': 'B000083EAI',
      'reviewerName': 'Richard E. Pozzuto "Rephello"',
      'helpful': [6, 6],
      'reviewText': "I didn't have to do a damned thing but plug this baby into my TIVO and it started working.  Super dreamy.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Super Dreamy',
      'unixReviewTime': 1055808000,
      'reviewTime': '06 17, 2003'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A39WALMR3G46FU',
      'asin': 'B00001ZWXA',
      'reviewerName': 'ray',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'can now operate my trackball from a longer distance.well worth the money.i bought two as you cannot find this length in to many stores.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'price of this extension is low.',
      'unixReviewTime': 1356739200,
      'reviewTime': '12 29, 2012'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A1CO79U5URPQGP',
      'asin': 'B00009R9E3',
      'reviewerName': 'qualityonly "erosennin"',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'This polarizer is exactly the same as HMC Super with multicoating and very tin ring to avoid vigneting.  This is one of the best filter you can find for reasonable price. Best value since the price is cheaper than HMC super, just older packaging.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Best value',
      'unixReviewTime': 1380499200,
      'reviewTime': '09 30, 2013'},
     {'reviewerID': 'AT28RL25Q2OLK',
      'asin': 'B00009R87T',
      'reviewerName': 'NyReckDiver',
      'helpful': [5, 5],
      'reviewText': 'As expected, the Domke F-1x follows the same tradition of quality design manufacturing and simplicity as other Domke bags. Having owned a variety of camera bags from manufacturers such as LowePro, Tenba, Tamrac, Timbuk 2, Opteka, and others, I am familiar with many design and manufacturing aspects affecting practical usability and wear in the field. Throughout the years, Domke took many of these issues into consideration.The F-1x, as it\'s extended name implies, is a "Little Bit Bigger Bag."  I specifically compare the F-1x to theDomke 700-02A F-2 Bag (Brown Waxwear Finish)and it is in fact a "Little Bit Bigger." However, in my opinion, it still maintains the nearly same sleek design as the F-2.  It does not feel or look bulky, but it sure carries more gear.  The construction of the bag is near military specs in my opinion. Heavy duty stitching, quality workmanship, heavy canvas, strong hardware, etc...  This bag, as many people report of other Domke bags, will last many years under the roughest conditions.  The strap, in my opinion, does not need any padding because it is wide enough. Some might still prefer to use aDomke 725-310 FA-031 U.S. Post Office Shoulder Pad, which I actually own but rarely use.  The underside of the strap provides some type of rubber grip that will keep it from sliding and it does a good job.The genius of Domke bags is the streamline approach (simplicity) and limited padding.  This helps the bag avoid becoming cumbersome like theLowepro Stealth Reporter D400 AW Camera Bag. However, it is a tradeoff in gear protection and bag structure. Since the bag is canvas and with limited internal padding, when empty, the bag loses it\'s structure.  But really, who cares? And while Domke does provide theDomke 720-240 FA-240 4 Compartment Insert (Green), it\'s flexibility, size, and protection leave a lot to be desired. In fact, I replaced it with theCiesta Flexible Camera Insert Partition for DSLR SLR Lens (Brown / Large), which I found better suited for my partcular needs.  The Ciesta insert also provides better weather and dust protection since the F-1x does not come with a raincover.The bag provides a very large main compartment, two front pockets (flapped), two side pockets (flapped), and a magazine pocket backside.  The external pockets allow you to load them with a large amount or gear.What\'s in my bag today:-Nikon D300s w/ grip-Nikon D7000 w/o grip-4 Nikon prime lenses-Tokina 12-24-2 Nikon SB-900\'s-2 Pocket Wizards (in a Nikon case)-2 LensPens-Moleskine and pen-Small Giottos Rocket blower-Lowepro Memory Card Wallet-8 AA batteries (in 2xStoracell by PowerPax SlimLine 4 AA Battery Caddy Yellow - Holds 4 "AA" Batteries)-Camera Strap-Iphone-Grey card-Small reflector-Lumiquest BounceBesides being able to hold a ton of gear, the bag actually feels good to carry AND it does not scream "camera bag!" on first or even second glance. It is subtle and professional. The selection of a camera bag is a highly personal and studied task by most photographers. In my case, moving to the Domke F-1x and F-2 is more evolutionary than revolutionary. I eventually found my Lowepro bags were incredibly bulky and overly padded for carrying downtown, though they protect the equipment perhaps like no other. Now, I simply use the F-2 for street shooting and quick moving scenarios, the F-1x when I have to bring more gear for a generally static or slow moving situation, the F-1x or F-2 and theDomke Rolling Propack 220 Camera Bag - Blackwhen I have to bring all my gear to a static location shoot. My lighting gear (stands, umbrellas, grip, etc.) is all carried in a duffle type roller and only brought to static locations.As a side note, a cheaper alternative to this bag for some may be theOpteka Excursion Series C900 Full-Size Weatherproof Canvas Bag for Photo and Video Cameras, which is similar in design and possibly even bigger (I do not own it). And, for those concerned with the open (to the elements) aspect of the F-1x main compartment, the Opteka addresses this concern with an internal flap, under the main flap, that zips shut.',
      'overall': 4.0,
      'summary': 'Traditional Domke Excellence and Simplicity',
      'unixReviewTime': 1366070400,
      'reviewTime': '04 16, 2013'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A1E2SKGWY1HKRY',
      'asin': 'B0000BYRIN',
      'reviewerName': 'KJ',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'and a great product too bad they no longer sell them as I would have purchase dseveral more. cheaper and better than Tivo IMHO',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'still in use',
      'unixReviewTime': 1359590400,
      'reviewTime': '01 31, 2013'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A1MQQEM7W77L62',
      'asin': 'B00005AC8W',
      'reviewerName': 'Robert',
      'helpful': [3, 3],
      'reviewText': 'You can find cheaper cards out there. But this is a quality piece of merchandise that you can count on to store those important picture on. Formats easily, provides high quality pictures.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Go with the good stuff',
      'unixReviewTime': 1056412800,
      'reviewTime': '06 24, 2003'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A1YORX3OZJVI8A',
      'asin': 'B000067RC4',
      'reviewerName': 'Joni M. Laus',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'Works nicely.  I was worried it be junky for the good price, but I like it!  Now we can hear jams at work!',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Works nicely',
      'unixReviewTime': 1403136000,
      'reviewTime': '06 19, 2014'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A2ESOTDCJHYKKA',
      'asin': 'B00009UTQK',
      'reviewerName': 'C. Martin',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'I have used this for a while now on my Tamrac Velocity sling pack so I could carry my larger Canon 75-300 along with two other lenses in the sling pack.  Very durable and integrates well with the other Tamrac products.',
      'overall': 4.0,
      'summary': 'Rugged and integrates well',
      'unixReviewTime': 1277164800,
      'reviewTime': '06 22, 2010'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A31UHOIFMFSCN1',
      'asin': 'B00004R8V6',
      'reviewerName': 'D. Mitchell',
      'helpful': [38, 40],
      'reviewText': "I bought a cheap camera from Agfa, sent it back.  I read a lot of reviews and decided on the Olympus D-360L.  It takes great pictures for Web publishing.  I haven't even used the maximum resolution setting on it yet, as only two photos will fit on the 8MB card, and I compress the photos for the Web anyway.  I don't print pictures from it, since 35mm is so much cheaper, but I'd think 5x7 photos would look great with a good dye sublimation printer.I bought an inexpensive SmartMedia USB reader from Sandisk ($30), so transferring pictures is quick, painless, and doesn't eat batteries.  As far as I know, the USB reader will work on a Mac, but I don't own a Mac.  The only thing I wish is that I would have bought the D-460Z instead, as I really miss a zoom feature.  The digital zoom on the 360 is not worth using.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Great camera!',
      'unixReviewTime': 971308800,
      'reviewTime': '10 12, 2000'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A3AXP7QFT5Y5AQ',
      'asin': 'B0001YEOCU',
      'reviewerName': 'Charles Heckel',
      'helpful': [3, 4],
      'reviewText': "I considered other Nikkor lenses reputed to be much sharper at twice the price, decided I didn't use wide angles often enough to warrant them, and got this lens instead.  The resolution is quite good--detailed, crisp prints to 16x20 are possible if your technique is up to it, flare and vignetting are well controlled.  All the lens most people will want or need.",
      'overall': 4.0,
      'summary': 'Surprisingly Sharp Kit Lens',
      'unixReviewTime': 1178928000,
      'reviewTime': '05 12, 2007'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A14PRSJB9Z7K5S',
      'asin': 'B00012F6A6',
      'reviewerName': 'Akcloudwoman "Ak Cloudwoman"',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'I had a bunch of C-VHS tapes of my kids when they were little, but no way to  watch them since the camera broke years ago.  Great way to watch, and now I am transferring them to DVD!',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Great way to transfer C-VHS',
      'unixReviewTime': 1297468800,
      'reviewTime': '02 12, 2011'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A1STLI9K7PD3HI',
      'asin': 'B00006BBAB',
      'reviewerName': 'Orvil Sutton Jr.',
      'helpful': [1, 1],
      'reviewText': 'excellent item i have several in my home, garage door opener, microwave, furnace blower, water filter, etc.  i live in the country where lights dim and brighten if a bird lands on a wire.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'surgecube',
      'unixReviewTime': 1299456000,
      'reviewTime': '03 7, 2011'},
     {'reviewerID': 'ACQV949CEYVDS',
      'asin': 'B00004YZLV',
      'reviewerName': 'Mary Elizabeth, Maryland "EQ"',
      'helpful': [31, 31],
      'reviewText': "I bought this Canon Rebel 2000 kit after much research and investigation - and I know I made exactly the right choice! It is loaded with features if I want them, but it is also able to &quot;point and shoot&quot; when I don't want to have to think about it. The most noticable feature is that it is as light as a feather - even when compared to my digital pocket camera. The seven focus areas are terrific, allowing for flexibility and creativity. I'm an amateur and find this to be something I can easily operate but it leaves room to grow into later on.The most helpful thing in my decision making process to buy this camera was a visit to my local camera store to rent one for a weekend. The minute I got back the best prints I have ever taken, I knew I needed to have it!Drawbacks - The instruction manual is nothing more than a glorified parts diagram. It isn't helpful for beginners or experts... can't imagine who the audience is supposed to be. The flash isn't very strong - its purpose is to be a fill flash, not a substitute for a full-featured detachable flash. Knowing what I know now, if I had it to do over again, I would buy just the body and accessorize it myself.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Love it !',
      'unixReviewTime': 1007683200,
      'reviewTime': '12 7, 2001'},
     {'reviewerID': 'AULPO7XQIMZ79',
      'asin': 'B00008UAIO',
      'reviewerName': 'Daniel Castimore',
      'helpful': [1, 1],
      'reviewText': "I have been using this product for over three years now and have been happy with it overall. It is faster at lifting the handset than the Plantronics units I have used which is nice. It installs easily, and has both a built in mic, and an external mic that you can hook up to alert you when the phone rings. The sensitivity of this mic is also adjustable with a built in dial. I have used this lifter on Nortel M2008, M2016, Cisco 7941, and 7961 phones with no problems.My only complaint is the durability of the unit. I have broken 2 in 3 years, the first by accidently holding the handset down when it was trying to lift. The second time it just wore out. What happens is after a failure, when you try to use it you get a bad clicking noise. What happens is that there is a threaded shaft attached to the electronic motor which breaks loose. It is attached only with some kind of glue that can't handle any kind of torque. I was able to fix it with some super glue and it has been working for a few weeks. One nice thing is that it doesn't seem to fail partially, when it breaks it breaks for good. So you aren't left wondering if the unit will work when you press the button.Overall I have been happy with this lifter. I have ordered and installed this unit many time in my Enterprise. The design could be better, but it is inexpensive and reliable.",
      'overall': 4.0,
      'summary': 'Great lifter, better design would be nice',
      'unixReviewTime': 1297123200,
      'reviewTime': '02 8, 2011'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A2JA7C0WEMB1M7',
      'asin': 'B00000JD4V',
      'reviewerName': 'Virgil "Virgil"',
      'helpful': [40, 41],
      'reviewText': "While I'm not exactly a shortwave hobbyist I've used shortwave radios on every one of my travels overseas. That being said the YB 400 PE is the best SW I've ever had. This Grundig brings a lot of features to the table such as digital tuning, forty presets, great capture of stations and above average sound. I've really enjoyed using the 400 and its great features.One complaint I had was that the manual that accompanies it does an inadequate job of explaining some of the functions and the pre-sets are all inclusive, that is it's forty pre-sets for all bands FM/SW/LW/MW rather than per band. But these are small things that shouldn't take away from the overall excellence of the radio.I'm getting ready to go on an extended trip to the third world and the Grundig YB 400PE is at the top of my packing list.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': "The best shortwave I've owned",
      'unixReviewTime': 1045267200,
      'reviewTime': '02 15, 2003'},
     {'reviewerID': 'AZKDLBTHU2BVZ',
      'asin': 'B00014K3V6',
      'reviewerName': 'Tony "Tech Guru"',
      'helpful': [2, 2],
      'reviewText': 'I just got back from photographing the semifinals for NCAA Div 1 Lacrosse and had this mounted to the 300mm f2.8.It was simply stunning.  Autofocus on the lens remained quick and there is no loss in photo quality.However, losing the stop of light did affect the night game. I had to slow down the shutter speed and up the iso to compensate but this tube is something I want to add to my collection.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Excellent!!!!',
      'unixReviewTime': 1275177600,
      'reviewTime': '05 30, 2010'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A1PU9GCX6AB40D',
      'asin': 'B00017LSPI',
      'reviewerName': 'Lynnster',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "This was the 3rd one of these I bought in a year. Just gave our daughter her first DSLR camera and included one of these and a camera bag. This is so much better than blowing on a camera which one should never do. Don't bother with the smaller versions, get this LARGE one and blow away all those nasty dust particles in your wonderful camera! A must-have for any camera! (I bet it's good on computer keyboards too&#8230;.and anything else that needs a good blow off!)",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Repeat purchase!',
      'unixReviewTime': 1392681600,
      'reviewTime': '02 18, 2014'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A3UYJGCDON7FBL',
      'asin': 'B00006B7DA',
      'reviewerName': 'Jack E. Stoner',
      'helpful': [0, 1],
      'reviewText': "It works.  Nothing else to say about this.  I'm using it with a bank of 5 USB connected CD/DVD burner drives for Audio CD production.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'USB hub',
      'unixReviewTime': 1359504000,
      'reviewTime': '01 30, 2013'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A2JOTTF0HLND3J',
      'asin': 'B00007M1TZ',
      'reviewerName': 'Nick Arvetis',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'Hey this is a headset and it works, I have had no complaints from employees using it. Thank you amazon.',
      'overall': 4.0,
      'summary': 'Another product that works well',
      'unixReviewTime': 1354147200,
      'reviewTime': '11 29, 2012'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A1Z0VDSYKCQTRH',
      'asin': 'B00006343O',
      'reviewerName': 'Nina N. Thomas "booksrock"',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "Ok, not sure what review I can give this but, here goes. Product was packaged nicely, ease of operation. Everything is color coded, it's doing everything I expected it to do. Protection of my sony home theatre system. Hopefully, I never run into an issue with power going out. But, I'm sure this product will do what its guaranteed to do. I have faith in Monster.Although I'm not using all the plugs. There are 2 additional plugs for you to use on each end a total of 9 outlets. Which is a bonus to me. I've bypassed using the coaxial for cable and phone line. No need for this right now since I don't have cable. Roku 2 XS is all I need for the bedroom.I truly like the blue light for power indication. It doesn't keep me awake at night like my previous behemoth Powerline surge protector where every power button is bright orange/red.So, I'm quite happy with my purchase.Thanks, amazon once again!",
      'overall': 4.0,
      'summary': 'Very good addition to have',
      'unixReviewTime': 1344384000,
      'reviewTime': '08 8, 2012'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A3LJJ6GCCF4VBN',
      'asin': 'B000089GN4',
      'reviewerName': 'Audio Geek "Audio Geek"',
      'helpful': [7, 7],
      'reviewText': "I purchased the PX200's and also PX100's the same day to compare sound quality and also to determine ease of mounting into a motorcycle helmet.I was hoping these would perform better than the 100's as touted, or at least as well, since they would have been much easier to mount inside a helmet.Unfortunately, the PX100's sound MUCH better with all types of music, and also were much more comfortable to wear. The 200's need to be held exactly in the right position to seal the earcups to your ear, and even if you manage to get them in the right position, they still do not sound as good as the 100's. Forget all the Audiophile lingo - they just plain do not sound near as good. The 200's were thrown in the trash.Unless you absolutely MUST have a sealed headphone design, get the 100's -you'll love them!",
      'overall': 3.0,
      'summary': 'PX200 vs PX100',
      'unixReviewTime': 1168300800,
      'reviewTime': '01 9, 2007'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A3TG1BJKM6XX06',
      'asin': 'B0000511U7',
      'reviewerName': 'White Ears "Ham Radio Operator"',
      'helpful': [1, 1],
      'reviewText': "Impressive: it's strange to say about a surge suppressor, but true with this one; sturdy to the extreme, quality design, components, and finish. I once disassembled a Tripplite suppressor, and it was equally robust on the inside. I don't know of a better surge suppressor; it's well worth the price -- a bargain, in fact, at Amazon.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'The Best Accessory for Electronics',
      'unixReviewTime': 1269820800,
      'reviewTime': '03 29, 2010'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A1PMSQXD43WIS4',
      'asin': 'B0000511U7',
      'reviewerName': 'H. Arnold',
      'helpful': [3, 3],
      'reviewText': "I'm an Electrical Engineer so I am naturally curious. When my Tripp Lite ISOBAR8 arrived I removed the rear cover to see how it was constructed. I was stunned at the quality of this surge protector. The surge protection circuit uses massive inductors, MOVs, capacitors, and is protected by thermal fuses. The circuit board is almost as big as half the size of the surge protector. I have no doubt that this is the best surge protector that can be bought for the price. I plan to buy another one for my home entertainment system. My home has had mysterious electronics damage where multiple appliances have been broken at the same time. My DVR, Microwave Control, and Oven Electronic control all were fried within a few days of each other so I know I need to add protection. Tripp Lite makes a great product which far superior to the toy surge protectors sold at home repair stores. I've also taken a peak inside those units and they pale in comparison.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Super Quality',
      'unixReviewTime': 1360368000,
      'reviewTime': '02 9, 2013'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A30X750M8V1XXW',
      'asin': 'B00007E816',
      'reviewerName': 'Scott',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "I got this to replace my OEM Canon strap because the Canon made my neck itch and sweat all the time. This OP/Tech is super comfortable, doesn't scratch or itch and has cut making my neck sweat by about 90%. The strap has raised gel dots that helps keep the neoprene strap off your neck to let airflow through. Its light weight and just the right length for me needing no adjustments at all. I hope it lasts a long time!!!",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Great strap and super comfortable',
      'unixReviewTime': 1282003200,
      'reviewTime': '08 17, 2010'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A1PSVZBM894R5H',
      'asin': 'B00004Z0BN',
      'reviewerName': 'B. Roy "RoyTech"',
      'helpful': [2, 5],
      'reviewText': 'On the back of the package it says -1) Transparent sound and powerful bass. - The "Transparent sound" part is true and "powerful bass" part is totally untrue.2) Metal stabilized system for high levels. - What was that again? Metal stabilized system?? It has antiroll crossbars I guess!!When companies start making vague claims about their product - thats when you know that there is a problem.These sounded terrible at first - no bass - period.The sound changed for the better once I put on the foam covers. I could hear some bass at that point but even after equalization, it was clear that this product is designed to deliver a lot of high frequency, decent midrange but little by way of bass - even though it claims to have frequency response going from 18Hz to 20kHz. It fits my ears properly, so that is not a problem.This product sounds far inferior to a pair of "Aiwa" ear-buds that came with a "Made in Japan" walkman purchased in 1990!I wouldn\'t even compare the sound of these MX400 to the excellent Koss over the ear headphones I purchased recently.Maybe they are better than the IPOD headphones (which suck even worse), and the reason people give this 5 stars. Really - no more than a 2 star product.Expected much better from Sennheiser. With this experience, I\'ve decided not to go for their noise cancelling headphone and instead go with the one from Panasonic. Reputable companies should think twice before selling junk in the marketplace.',
      'overall': 2.0,
      'summary': 'Metal stablized system...',
      'unixReviewTime': 1160438400,
      'reviewTime': '10 10, 2006'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A201WQ5P55X6A4',
      'asin': 'B00008XETK',
      'reviewerName': 'Bobby R. Pilkinton',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'Oh! for the days when one could buy a GOOD VCR.Transport (tape motion mechanism) is lousy, lacks features.  The "Scan and Play" concept is consumately stupid.  Very frustrating to use.But if you have hundreds of VHS tapes and all your good VCRs finally died of old age, it\'s better than nothing.A little bit.',
      'overall': 2.0,
      'summary': 'Oh! For the good old days',
      'unixReviewTime': 1180483200,
      'reviewTime': '05 30, 2007'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A2L36AGL8CKY3D',
      'asin': 'B000068OER',
      'reviewerName': 'Tex "Tex"',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "I'm using this to hook up a Kenwood TM-V71A ham radio to my computer. It works great and costs way less than the Kenwood cable does.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Works for me',
      'unixReviewTime': 1373328000,
      'reviewTime': '07 9, 2013'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A1H0XZW2LCFW7U',
      'asin': 'B00005LE72',
      'reviewerName': 'Desert Rat',
      'helpful': [1, 1],
      'reviewText': 'Very sharp. Like most primes, the images results are superior to what the best and most expensive zooms will give you.Be aware this as the D, not the G, version and will not autofocus on D40, D60, D3100, D5100 series cameras.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Great',
      'unixReviewTime': 1395360000,
      'reviewTime': '03 21, 2014'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A343CF9RXZ7DNG',
      'asin': 'B00004SB92',
      'reviewerName': 'Railgun',
      'helpful': [5, 5],
      'reviewText': "Yes, this router is easy to use, setup and does exactly what you would expect.  However, it's disposable.  Expect to buy another one within a 2-3 years.  After just over 2 years, mine died (it only came with a 1 year warrenty).  While it still works, I have to reset it by unplugging it and then plugging it back in several times a day (like 10-20).  Then you have to wait about a minute for all the computers to deal with the reset.  This sort of disposable lifespan seems pretty par for the course for Linksys consumer products.I was gullible enough to replace my first with a second (like I said they are cheap and cheap).  The second has lasted longer but every time the house power goes out I have to reset the router using Linksys' Netset utility which means physically connecting a computer directly to the router - which is a pain for me since I keep it in a closet next to my patch panel.  Netset works fine except it is Windows only.  So, Linksys are not Mac friendly (though Macs will work with their products).So this is my last Linksys product.  I replace my Linksys wireless AP with an Apple Airport Extreme - much more stable.So in short, with Linksys - you get what you pay for - they are cheap and cheap.",
      'overall': 2.0,
      'summary': 'Easy to Use But Short Lifespan',
      'unixReviewTime': 1117497600,
      'reviewTime': '05 31, 2005'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A2WYF4POBUXL2O',
      'asin': 'B00007EDYY',
      'reviewerName': 'TriggerHappy',
      'helpful': [3, 3],
      'reviewText': 'Mine came with the glass a tiny bit loose from the ring. Not sure if it happened in shipping or manufacture but sent it back for exchange. Waiting for new... The only reason I gave 4 out of 5 stars.I already own several of these for my other lenses and never had a problem before.Update: must be the new thin ring manufacture process. The new replacement seems to be a little loose and "flexible" in the frame as well. Works fine so far, but a little unsettling.If the glass starts rattling around later down the road, I\'ll be real ticked off. And you\'ll be hearing from me for sure.',
      'overall': 4.0,
      'summary': 'A necessary filter',
      'unixReviewTime': 1274572800,
      'reviewTime': '05 23, 2010'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A1MKEJ4QQMPANG',
      'asin': 'B00005ABC5',
      'reviewerName': 'Dale La France',
      'helpful': [8, 9],
      'reviewText': 'This lens should be in every Pentax/Samsung camera owners bag. This is the lens I would recommend that beginners use to learn their camera\'s with, As you can really "See" the changes with this lens when trying different settings on your camera. And the photos this lens produce is really amazing. So much better than the kit lens. And its low light performance is really outstanding. So don\'t think about it any longer just do it and get this lens, You will not regret it. GET IT!',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': "Don't Think About It, Buy This Lens!!!!",
      'unixReviewTime': 1197936000,
      'reviewTime': '12 18, 2007'},
     {'reviewerID': 'AX2I0V5KFRSIR',
      'asin': 'B0000A2QBP',
      'reviewerName': 'Frankie',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'Did what its supposed to.  No hassles just plugged in and worked right away.  Great price. Should have bough one more.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'worked',
      'unixReviewTime': 1380758400,
      'reviewTime': '10 3, 2013'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A36DSZZST9T1RQ',
      'asin': 'B00003CWDG',
      'reviewerName': 'Spyral "Its All Just A Ride"',
      'helpful': [4, 6],
      'reviewText': "For a Monster product, this guy is kind of cheaply made. Like another reviewer said, it just kind of feels cheap. I know its just a power strip, and thats why a bought a cheaper one, but it seems a bit inferior for a Monster product. I'm really no fan of theirs, but at least their products LOOK and FEEL as if they are better than the rest. This one, however, seems like it would fall apart with minimal abuse. I have another APC brand surge protector that my computer stuff is plugged into that is far and away superior to this thing.",
      'overall': 3.0,
      'summary': 'A bit dissapointing',
      'unixReviewTime': 1186185600,
      'reviewTime': '08 4, 2007'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A1VYG5P0K83W4O',
      'asin': 'B00006JN3G',
      'reviewerName': 'Robert Fately "f8lee"',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "I'm not one who subscribes to the &#34;keep a UV filter on your lens at all times for protection!&#34; school of thought - modern coatings make for pretty  damage resistant optics nowadays. But it is helpful to have this little gem around for occasions when some gunk gets on the lens and you just don't want to use your own grubby paw to flick it off. No battery to die, easy to stick in your camera bag - there's no reason to not have one. And the cleaning tip really does work!",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'always good to keep handy',
      'unixReviewTime': 1359244800,
      'reviewTime': '01 27, 2013'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A153BUZRF0SW5',
      'asin': 'B0000CCOVM',
      'reviewerName': 'J. Wood',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "I got a similar headset from Amazon for myself, and when my wife tried it she wanted one too.  I ordered this Olympus and found it almost identical in every respect to the Spectra brand I'd already received.  These headsets are not really suitable for music, but they work very well in the voice range.  For transcribing, podcasts and lectures one of these can't be beat.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Very comfortable.',
      'unixReviewTime': 1403049600,
      'reviewTime': '06 18, 2014'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A2BVV8ND8Q6S6A',
      'asin': 'B00007EDZG',
      'reviewerName': 'adero1780',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "I was shocked when this devices worked for our camera. We haven't been in a situation to actually use it while shooting, but it does work as I was hoping and was a great gift.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Device worked as expected',
      'unixReviewTime': 1357862400,
      'reviewTime': '01 11, 2013'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A1BKKEWFMHS7XU',
      'asin': 'B0001OHH0Q',
      'reviewerName': 'R. Peck',
      'helpful': [1, 1],
      'reviewText': 'This radio works great.  Quick easy setup and always alerts.  Now if they could make all of them sensitive enought to work inside the center of the house rather than just windows.  They always tell us that the transmitters are close enough, but they are 70 miles away.  Most of these units suggest closer distances.  This at least offers an external antenna.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Works well and easy to use',
      'unixReviewTime': 1303862400,
      'reviewTime': '04 27, 2011'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A5JLAU2ARJ0BO',
      'asin': 'B00009VSG6',
      'reviewerName': 'Gadgester "No Time, No Money"',
      'helpful': [104, 108],
      'reviewText': "This camera is great as a starter digital camera, especially for people who are usually afraid of photography.  The camera body is easy to hold and the buttons are laid out user-friendlily.  It's the usual snap-and-go type, and anyone who half a brain can use the basic functions after picking it up.  The memory cards have come down *a lot* in price so there's no reason to whine any more.  BTW, speaking of price, the A210 can be had for under one-fifty if you shop around.  For that price this is simply the best 3MP camera.Image quality is excellent outdoors when light is aplenty.  Night shots do tend to be dark and noisy (noise refers to the coarse-grained color dots you see in a poorly exposed picture).  But after you read the manual you can do things to improve night shots.  Besides, no camera takes great picures when there's insufficient light.",
      'overall': 4.0,
      'summary': 'Good starter digicam',
      'unixReviewTime': 1069891200,
      'reviewTime': '11 27, 2003'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A2WXBQ3MR5KV6P',
      'asin': 'B000067RT6',
      'reviewerName': 'UrbanRedTag',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "I've used this to connect my wireless modem to my non-wireless router and have always maintained solid connections, despite the lengthy 35-foot cable.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Even 35-feet works great',
      'unixReviewTime': 1336089600,
      'reviewTime': '05 4, 2012'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A1S4GPU1HOGW3C',
      'asin': 'B00009V3RP',
      'reviewerName': 'rickroush03',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'installed easy per the builder/contractor, hooked up great to the in ceiling polk audio speakers, monster makes good cables for the money.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'great wire',
      'unixReviewTime': 1390435200,
      'reviewTime': '01 23, 2014'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A1PIPLLLVUBXV6',
      'asin': 'B00009KH63',
      'reviewerName': 'Wilbur H. Vantine "vantex"',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'I have used this model for several years.  My previous one got lost in a move and I bought a replacement.  I mouse with my left hand and this one is truly usable with either hand.  I highly recommend it.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Excellent Trackball.',
      'unixReviewTime': 1392940800,
      'reviewTime': '02 21, 2014'},
     {'reviewerID': 'AZA595ZPIG240',
      'asin': 'B0000BZL1P',
      'reviewerName': 'Parker Knight "Photo Geek"',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'thanks for good product that enable clear images and less aberration. it screwed on right. no dust penetrate during use. easy to wipe with soft cloth',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'clear photographs thanks',
      'unixReviewTime': 1370649600,
      'reviewTime': '06 8, 2013'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A250AXLRBVYKB4',
      'asin': 'B000067VBL',
      'reviewerName': 'Nathan Beauchamp "ConsumerAdvocate (nathan(at...',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "For storing, protecting, and even mailing DVDs/CDs, these sleeves are perfect. They're simple but well designed and made from quality materials. I use them for filing manual back ups of files onto DVDs.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Simple, effective, essential',
      'unixReviewTime': 1255564800,
      'reviewTime': '10 15, 2009'},
     {'reviewerID': 'AAKZ31IADSSWL',
      'asin': 'B0001Y7UAI',
      'reviewerName': 'J. Prugh "& C.Prugh"',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'StarTech\'s shipping was fast and eggicient for my small order.  The 18" right angle sata cable was adequete, but it could have been better. It was plenty long enough for my small tower, making tight installion easier. However the plastic used on ends is britle and cracks easily if not installed very carefully. A more durable plastic would have been preferable(thus my 4 stars, instead of 5). Mine did crack, but I did not ask for a return because I was able to fix it easily with a little super glue and I needed it right away.  The end pieces could have been locking making replacing the hard drive inclosure simpler since cables would not keep coming unpluged. My computer could have used a lefthanded 90 degree angle rather than the standard right angle I ordered. However, no one seems to make a left handed angle SATA cable. Over all I would order from them again. If I need another product, because of their quick shipping and good pricing.',
      'overall': 4.0,
      'summary': 'Good fast shipper, alright product',
      'unixReviewTime': 1327449600,
      'reviewTime': '01 25, 2012'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A3CW0ZLUO5X2B1',
      'asin': 'B000117DGW',
      'reviewerName': '35-year Technology Consumer "8-tracks to 802.11"',
      'helpful': [12, 13],
      'reviewText': "This router replaced an older Netgear 802.11b router which had served our network well. The web-based configuration utility is easier to navigate, and the signal strength and data rate were improved even with our older 802.11b adapters. One complaint: the MAC filtering option (which limits access to your network to specific physical adapters as alternative or adjunct to signal encryption) is deeply hidden, under the Advanced Wireless Settings | Setup Access List settings.Nice small footprint, excellent price (especially with the rebate) and good functionality..The bundled PCMCIA adapter for a laptop was up and running immedaitely on a Toshiba laptop..no issues with the computer's Windows XP SP2 upate (not true of Netgear's WG311 PCI adapter).",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Fast setup, easy configuration',
      'unixReviewTime': 1094860800,
      'reviewTime': '09 11, 2004'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A92XTCS0ZTX6I',
      'asin': 'B00009X3UV',
      'reviewerName': 'Alonso Montoya Guzman "Memo"',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "To be clear, I'm not a professional in astrophotography, and I'm too far of that, however I really want to try taking some nice moon pics so I decided to buy this.I've attached my Olympus E620 to my Celestrom90SLT using this adapter and was able to capture some really nice moon pics, also some pics from stars, this small adapter makes the work, but it's important to note, that to get good results you need a very solid mount for your telescope, because it's hard if you are not able to keep camera in place and with no vibration, remember that using a long exposure and higher zoom, stability is the key.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Works fine',
      'unixReviewTime': 1338163200,
      'reviewTime': '05 28, 2012'},
     {'reviewerID': 'AR5NY4YTSW285',
      'asin': 'B00006B7DB',
      'reviewerName': 'Multiple OS Runner',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "I have two of these, both are ver. B4.  One I use on my Mac OS X machine, which runs 10.4.  I applied the applicable firmware update (see Apple KB No. 120276) so that I could use my bluetooth headset with it on my macintosh. Both of my bluetooth headsets work well on the mac with this adapter.The other one I got for my laptop, which runs gentoo linux and windows.  The Dlink works flawlessly on the 2.6.19 kernel (works under 2.6.20 as well) with the standard btsco/btsco-kernel setup.Oddly enough, the most trouble I had with this device was under windows xp.  I tried using the drivers that came on the install CD, but for some reason, I could not get sound/audio to work when using Skype.  I tried with two different headsets, so I know it's not a headset issue (plus both headsets worked fine with Skype on the mac and linux).  Not sure what's going on here, but it looks like the drivers that come with the dongle aren't very good.",
      'overall': 4.0,
      'summary': 'Works under Linux and Mac OS X',
      'unixReviewTime': 1178496000,
      'reviewTime': '05 7, 2007'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A30LVBJ8016E45',
      'asin': 'B00006B828',
      'reviewerName': 'GF-SF',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "This surge protector was reasonably priced and met our needs, with enough outlets, a long cord with a flat plug and a narrow design to fit the space in which we placed it (under a desk in an office, with a laptop, printer, router, lamp and desktop stereo system plugged in).  While we (fortunately!) haven't had a chance to see whether the surge protection feature actually works, the LED is on and hopefully the protector will do what it's supposed to do when and if we get hit with a power surge.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Good Surge Protector',
      'unixReviewTime': 1393113600,
      'reviewTime': '02 23, 2014'},
     {'reviewerID': 'AI1L5I6PEZBF5',
      'asin': 'B00009R87T',
      'reviewerName': 'Joel Crawford',
      'helpful': [1, 1],
      'reviewText': "Great bag. Really. It's built like a tank. Plenty big for a body and 5-6 lens or 2 bodies and 3-4 lens. Fits my gear: body, 3 lens, bracket, flash, and odds & ends. Still have room. But other than the 4 lens holder insert there's no padding (other than the bottom). And that's not very thick. Think magazine thickness.But padding you can add. And I'm completely happy with it.",
      'overall': 4.0,
      'summary': 'Great bag. Light on padding.',
      'unixReviewTime': 1281484800,
      'reviewTime': '08 11, 2010'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A2S8V01KPFMFGX',
      'asin': 'B000056SJT',
      'reviewerName': 'CmC918',
      'helpful': [1, 1],
      'reviewText': "I ordered these 3 years ago and they are still fine.  Sure they have the wear and tear but they work as I just got them yesterday! You can't beat it for the price!",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Really Solid Headphones!',
      'unixReviewTime': 1151193600,
      'reviewTime': '06 25, 2006'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A3PDU0KJO6QKYW',
      'asin': 'B00004TDSC',
      'reviewerName': 'Hungry 4 Words "Love2Read"',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "We get this battery for our 35 mm camera.  Its nice to hsve a spare, and these don't seem to last very long.  We have a couple of them to take on trips.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Energizer camera battery',
      'unixReviewTime': 1392595200,
      'reviewTime': '02 17, 2014'},
     {'reviewerID': 'AOL9VAFOCYCJZ',
      'asin': 'B0001FTVEK',
      'reviewerName': 'JB',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "I really wanted to like this product but it just does not perform up to expectations. Despite increasing the gain on the receiver there was a hiss you could never escape. The sound quality was OK but hardly analytical and detailed as described. The high and very lows were good for headphones but the midrange is muddy. Pop rock sounds great but more demanding music ties it up in knots.The one fatal flaw though is the volume auto adjust if you dont have music playing all the time you can get a sudden painful blast of noise. This is the main reason I rarely use it.I did let the headphones 'burn in' for 40 hrs before coming to a conclusion it does help but but it is hard get over the problems with the wireless equipment.",
      'overall': 2.0,
      'summary': 'Disappointing',
      'unixReviewTime': 1234742400,
      'reviewTime': '02 16, 2009'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A15Q2L6DYRTFIU',
      'asin': 'B00017LRF4',
      'reviewerName': 'Gregory A. Brown "d800-user"',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'This is a nice addition to my manfrotto monopod.  I would not recommend it for a very heavy camera but it quickly your monopod into a stable tripod.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Nice',
      'unixReviewTime': 1369872000,
      'reviewTime': '05 30, 2013'},
     {'reviewerID': 'AUL97F9VWBK28',
      'asin': 'B000095SB4',
      'reviewerName': 'Frank',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'I have couple of Sennheiser RF headphones for music but the signal to noise ratio were poor - that is, constant hissing white noise in the background. The advantage of this Sony is the hissing is mostly at a lower level but I couldn\'t take it to the back or front yards like RF Sennheisers. Range of this Sony is only about 20 feet and must be in direct line of sight from the transmitter.  It\'s also more comfortable than my Sennheisers and cheaper too.Perfect for TV viewing, pretty good for music too. It\'s cleaner than the Sennheisers without the clicks, hiss and pops artifacts from the RF headphones.  Must use the included proprietary battery or charger won\'t charge. Super long battery life between charge cycles, enough for all day and night and then some.What\'s in the box?Home base transmitter/charger unit with stereo RCA and 1/8" (3.5mm) inputs.Power supplyStereo male RCA to male 1/8" cable.1/4" plug adaptorWireless headphoneProprietary 1.5V AAA rechargeable battery for headphone.',
      'overall': 4.0,
      'summary': 'Great for TV',
      'unixReviewTime': 1279411200,
      'reviewTime': '07 18, 2010'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A1XQFBFU9ULHA6',
      'asin': 'B0001U5M48',
      'reviewerName': 'Chull',
      'helpful': [11, 11],
      'reviewText': 'Features I am pleased with:*  An affordable, light-weight (10.6 oz) binocular with fully multi-coated optics for hiking, travel or general use including occasional bird-watching (not for tracking birds in flight) during daytime outdoor activities*  One central focusing knob with adjustable diopter ring getting the targets in view quickly*  Eye-relief of 15 mm (14 to 16 mm recommended for eyeglass wearers; other comparable model has only 11.1 mm)*  Exit pupil of 2.5 mm (2 to 4 mm recommended for daytime use)*  Field of view 261 ft (wide enough for 10X magnification power)*  Near focusing distance 6.2 ft (other comparable model has 9.8 ft)*  Tripod socket (nice extra feature for occasions requiring real steady viewing; any tripod with traditional mounting platform works okay without requiring an adapter U suggested)*  A good trade-off between weight, performance and cost',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Excellent for daytime viewing',
      'unixReviewTime': 1309392000,
      'reviewTime': '06 30, 2011'},
     {'reviewerID': 'AT7MEX6AWQF8P',
      'asin': 'B00001P4XH',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'Just as expected',
      'overall': 4.0,
      'summary': 'It works',
      'unixReviewTime': 1405123200,
      'reviewTime': '07 12, 2014'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A36H6CP232NRYD',
      'asin': 'B00004SABB',
      'reviewerName': 'Hubbell Gardner',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "I got these for my cruise to Alaska and they were fine. Can't really beat them for the price.  If you want to see something very, very close - I would say buy something better.  They were good for what I was going to use them for.",
      'overall': 3.0,
      'summary': 'Good',
      'unixReviewTime': 1285372800,
      'reviewTime': '09 25, 2010'},
     {'reviewerID': 'AEJAGHLC675A7',
      'asin': 'B00000JHVP',
      'reviewerName': 'John Williamson',
      'helpful': [6, 7],
      'reviewText': "Though the Palm IIIxe comes standard with a HotSync cradle, that isn't something you want to carry in your pocket. This cable is the ideal solution if you travel or if you need to sync with more than one PC. The generous 3' cable length is perfect - better a long cable than one that's too short.Keep in mind that this is NOT a USB sync cable, it's a practical serial device for the Palm III &amp; VII, along with some of the older models.Read the other reviews here and you'll find other creative uses for this cable, so I won't repeat them here. You'll also see that most of the owners who needed a serial sync cable agree - get this and you won't be sorry.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Palm IIIxe? You NEED this - read the other reviews as well!',
      'unixReviewTime': 983750400,
      'reviewTime': '03 5, 2001'},
     {'reviewerID': 'AGRBMXQKF1E20',
      'asin': 'B00005LELD',
      'reviewerName': 'John R',
      'helpful': [2, 2],
      'reviewText': "While it works without vignetting for Nikon 35mm f/1.8G lens, it may be a waste vs the standard plastic hood.  Although the versatility of hooded/non-hooded mode is great, it's also a hassle to ensure the hood is physically extended (prevent flares) or retracted (prevent vignetting).On the plus side, you can just collapse the hood to prevent vignetting, whereas the built-in plastic hood requires you to physically reverse the hood, which prevents manual AF-override.Besides, the rubber hood (although it screws onto the lens/filter)--rather than the hood screws--allows you to adjust the length of the hood on the fly.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Works fine for 35mm f/1.8G Lens',
      'unixReviewTime': 1323820800,
      'reviewTime': '12 14, 2011'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A3ER3V2E06DH7D',
      'asin': 'B00004Z5M1',
      'reviewerName': 'A. K. Kaw "AKK"',
      'helpful': [1, 1],
      'reviewText': 'Before you start buying $30 USB cables from the boxstores, this is an unbeatable price.  I am finding that the difference in prices on many items is becoming considerable between stores.  This makes shopping via comparison shopping websites all the more important.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Best Price',
      'unixReviewTime': 1167955200,
      'reviewTime': '01 5, 2007'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A5HLVS7P9YGV0',
      'asin': 'B00007FWP2',
      'reviewerName': 'Tom P.',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "It's getting more and more difficult to find affordable MiniDV tapes. Product arrived quickly, well packaged, and are just as trustworthy as always. For the price listed here, they cannot be beat.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Great product',
      'unixReviewTime': 1371168000,
      'reviewTime': '06 14, 2013'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A1HKL8XPX1LCL4',
      'asin': 'B00006HYKM',
      'reviewerName': 'Ross Bagley',
      'helpful': [5, 6],
      'reviewText': "Pull the router out of the box; plug in the network cable between my laptop and the router; supply the network SSID, ISP IP information, WEP key, and IP range for DHCP.  Unplug router from laptop, plug router into DSL &quot;modem&quot;, slip wireless card into laptop.Network connection says the wireless connection is excellent, but the IP address it gave me is 0.0.0.0, so that's not right.  Try a few more times with &quot;ipconfig release/renew, &quot;repair connection&quot;, pulling and reinserting the card, still nada.Restore old wireless router (Apple Airport), browse over to netgear.com, get the latest firmware (5.03), install on new router, put new router back in network.Network connection says the wireless connection is excellent, and the IP address is right!  &quot;yay&quot;  But wait, now it's gone! &quot;boo&quot;  Now it's back! &quot;yay&quot;  Now it's gone! &quot;boo&quot;.  Move laptop next to wireless router and the connection stabilizes but it takes 5-10 seconds to get to each admin page.  Local throughput on a file copy approached 50kb/sec for at least 30 seconds.  Web connections are hopeless.  Manual says to try a different channel.  Still awful.  Manual says to disable WEP.  Still awful.Send email to tech support with details of problems including the fact that I upgraded to 5.03.  They tell me to upgrade the firmware to 5.03.  I am getting a little upset and tell them I have already upgraded the firmware.  They give up and send me to phone support.  I call Netgear and explain my problems including the frustrating experience with email support.  Phone support tells me to upgrade the firmware to 5.03.  I sigh quietly and explain (one more time) that I have already upgraded the firmware.  Phone support sounds puzzled by this.  Phone support puts me on hold, and later tells me to change channels, I do so with no effect.  Phone support seems baffled, I ask if it could be that the product doesn't actually function as advertised?I give up on phone support and send the Netgear MR814v2 back to Amazon for a refund.",
      'overall': 1.0,
      'summary': 'If it actually worked, it would be a bargain.',
      'unixReviewTime': 1077926400,
      'reviewTime': '02 28, 2004'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A2W5S26XTAFD97',
      'asin': 'B00004T8R2',
      'reviewerName': 'Kath',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'These headphones worked as well as or better than other headphones I have spent more money on. I wold highly recommend them.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Great Headphones',
      'unixReviewTime': 1361836800,
      'reviewTime': '02 26, 2013'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A1HOS1D36R1YAJ',
      'asin': 'B00009R9CZ',
      'reviewerName': 'Mark Hunsaker',
      'helpful': [10, 11],
      'reviewText': "Since most of my photography is done indoors, this filter was purchased to protect my much more expensive lens from accidental scratching.  The product comes in a nice plastic case with a foam insert, and mine was clean and clear upon arrival.It's also important that this filter is multi-coated... just like most nice lenses are.  There's no reason to throw an uncoated junky filter in front of a nice lens with coating!",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'To serve and protect',
      'unixReviewTime': 1179014400,
      'reviewTime': '05 13, 2007'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A3M42KV16HOLX3',
      'asin': 'B00002EQCW',
      'reviewerName': 'Gary E. Trainor "jewel1466"',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'Adds more Ethernet ports just fine. Easy set up and no problems. Metal case and well made. I would recommend this product',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Router switch',
      'unixReviewTime': 1363305600,
      'reviewTime': '03 15, 2013'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A1RS0JUYPXFKX3',
      'asin': 'B00012O6RK',
      'reviewerName': 'Geoff',
      'helpful': [0, 1],
      'reviewText': 'i got this and although it doesnt feel high quality it works well and hasnt givin me problems (ive owned for many months now) i like how i can adjust the bass and sub seperatly',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'works well',
      'unixReviewTime': 1365379200,
      'reviewTime': '04 8, 2013'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A14GCY6PRJTBJN',
      'asin': 'B0001D3K3A',
      'reviewerName': 'C. Locheiven',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'I bought this device expecting to receive the same service I would have received if I had bought it in a store. The CD does not contain a driver for Vista, and the computer wouldn\'t recognize the device. I called customer service for help, and I was told that the warranty expired already on the device even though it was new and had never been used. Beware of buying this from an online retailer other than a big-box company, or you won\'t be able to get tech support.It took me about three hours of research to determine the driver I needed (version 1.0). If you are a 32-bit Vista system, you can use this device. If you are a 64-bit, forget it. I did manage to finally download the driver. DO NOT INSTALL THE PCI CARD UNTIL YOU HAVE DOWNLOADED THE DRIVER! I ended up having to uninstall the device and driver I should not have installed and to restart my computer 6 times during the three hour period. I got frustrated and was very short with the tech person, who was "very sorry" about all my difficulties, but could do nothing to help me unless I wanted to purchase another device from her over the phone and upgrade.Linksys clearly will not stand by their product if you haven\'t bought it from the right retailer. The web page was not very helpful, and I got better advice from independent forums than from the Linksys site.That said, now that the device is installed, it is working beautifully. It is about thirty feet from the computer and I had no difficulty streaming Hulu. The wireless is connected to a 54G router, and it\'s plenty fast enough. If you are an average browser of the Internet, you do not need an N or N+, and I recommend that you do not spend the extra money on the router or wireless.To update: This has now been working perfectly for over two years. I got slammed in a comment for being a dunce about discovering what I needed to do - this was my first experience with installing wireless, and this particular piece of equipment was the only piece I had trouble with. I had no issue with the product, or even with having to struggle a little to get it to work; my issue was with the lack of available service from Linksys for a new product from the company, and a lack of instructions in the product itself. And it is still working beautifully - even with the Vista operating system.',
      'overall': 4.0,
      'summary': 'Nice Device ... Service Nonexistent',
      'unixReviewTime': 1272499200,
      'reviewTime': '04 29, 2010'},
     {'reviewerID': 'AGL7YKS3NTP4K',
      'asin': 'B00004SB92',
      'reviewerName': 'herman17',
      'helpful': [1, 2],
      'reviewText': '(...) I have never set up a network in all my life. Today I did: Three completely different Computers: Desktop AMD 1.4GHz - Windows XP, Desktop Pentium II 200 MHZ - Windows 98, Laptop Pentium III 650 MHz - Windows 98, Cable modem....Piece of cake. The Linksys does everything practically on its own.This thing works like a charm. Documentation is great, Speed is great....my home network rocks! Highly recommend this router!!!!!',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Fantastic Product!!!!',
      'unixReviewTime': 1005004800,
      'reviewTime': '11 6, 2001'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A2QUO0EI7UQLGY',
      'asin': 'B00004ZD30',
      'reviewerName': 'Thomas Wlassak',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'It is really a bargain. The lens is ok, it lacks on a better wide angle end, poor zoom. The pictures it takes are not professional. But colors, sharpness are ok. Best match for short budgets, when you choose Pentax k-01 body.',
      'overall': 3.0,
      'summary': 'can1 find something better for the price!!',
      'unixReviewTime': 1378512000,
      'reviewTime': '09 7, 2013'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A2GVJ0P48DFKO0',
      'asin': 'B0000EI9VR',
      'reviewerName': 'prosit',
      'helpful': [13, 14],
      'reviewText': "I have had the player just over a month now and this is truly the player of players and definitely the IPod killer it is supposed to be.Some of the best and most useful features include:- Remote which shows almost all the information and all the control that the main-unit gives.- Firmware upgradeable.  Fix broken and add new functionality.- OOG Vorbis support- More than loud enough- Equalizer (preset and user-set)- No need for drivers, just plug it in and see it as another drive.- Leather case- Comes with every cable needed (except for Optical recording).  External mic, Stereo hookup, USB, headphones and so forth.- Lyrics can be shown in the display- Text-file support- Boot-time is only 12 seconds (I know others have mentioned 3-4 minutes, something must be wrong with their player)-  Plenty of 3rd party support and forums (search Iriver and forum in Google).With such a great product there has to be a couple of snafu's.- Since the IRiver does not have a clock, it does not have a real random function either, and this manifests itself by starting with the same song every time it has been disconnected.  This could easily be solved through the upgradeable firmware so I do expect to see an update.- No delete support from the player.  Would be nice if you could just delete a file right on the player.Both of these minor problems could be solved with firmware upgrades so I am not worried.This is the player to get...  Yule Love Itt",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': "Doesn't get better than this!",
      'unixReviewTime': 1075075200,
      'reviewTime': '01 26, 2004'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A3VYH1CBHNDKJR',
      'asin': 'B00007M1TZ',
      'reviewerName': 'W. Francis "sicnarfnorw"',
      'helpful': [1, 1],
      'reviewText': "It is just a basic headset, no bells or whistles, but the sound is clear, it is light and comfortable to wear and very inexpensive.  I ordered one on May 29, 2010...the cord wore out almost one year to the day.  I just ordered another one.  I use one at work that costs $400...oh sure it's cool and cordless and all that.  This is $9.20 this time and it works all the way around.  Plugs into the jack on my cordless handset and I am mobile as well.  As they say, why pay more...when this works.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Simple But Effective',
      'unixReviewTime': 1306627200,
      'reviewTime': '05 29, 2011'},
     {'reviewerID': 'AZU2Z1Y81YR0T',
      'asin': 'B0000510ZO',
      'reviewerName': 'R. Whitaker "The Rajah"',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "I use these with a pair of powered PA speakers so I don't need to bother with extension cords. They do the job just fine.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Powered speakers...',
      'unixReviewTime': 1402185600,
      'reviewTime': '06 8, 2014'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A3DMZKYNMOZ33C',
      'asin': 'B000058AKE',
      'reviewerName': 'Ordinary Amazon Reviewer',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'Works great. Good build quality.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Five Stars',
      'unixReviewTime': 1404518400,
      'reviewTime': '07 5, 2014'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A2F1MRH6YLP30Z',
      'asin': 'B00006RVTR',
      'reviewerName': 'Ronald A. Birke "Ron B"',
      'helpful': [1, 1],
      'reviewText': 'It works well. just what I was looking for. This is hard to find in any stores and this was a decent price also.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'handset cord',
      'unixReviewTime': 1354492800,
      'reviewTime': '12 3, 2012'},
     {'reviewerID': 'AQWOHN0K1KNL9',
      'asin': 'B00009R89A',
      'reviewerName': 'David Dudenhofer "dduden"',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'Lowepro makes good stuff and this lens case is good. It fits my Canon 18-55 lens perfectly and I can clip it to my holster case if I need to. Product came quickly thanks to Amazon. I recommend this case.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Perfect',
      'unixReviewTime': 1305072000,
      'reviewTime': '05 11, 2011'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A9V1ACRKPKQWT',
      'asin': 'B00004THCZ',
      'reviewerName': 'Karen P',
      'helpful': [1, 3],
      'reviewText': "Look at the price folks. That says it all! Unless you need this lens for a special reason then don't bother. If you know how to use this lens then go for it. But, as I stated before, look at the price. There is a good reason why it's cost is a lot lower than the IS lenses. If you are going the distance and paying for a state of the art camera then don't ask it to use old types of lenses and expect spectacular results.",
      'overall': 2.0,
      'summary': "To old for today's cameras",
      'unixReviewTime': 1294704000,
      'reviewTime': '01 11, 2011'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A3I1GZ3Z7AXSNZ',
      'asin': 'B00002EQCW',
      'reviewerName': 'M. Kalagias',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "Dead just under 2 years after placed in service (actual usage time about 20 months). Powers on now and even provides some limited intermittent function between two computers connected to it but wont talk to the route and will not connect to the net which tells me the up-link port is completely shot and the other ports are about done for. Warranty is for all practical intents and purposes pointless as the customer is expected to pay for shipping both ways and in the end you have a refurbished unit that only carries the original purchase date warranty (i.e. in my case warranty would end on 7/7/2015 with the 5 year warranty this model has) but shipping cost more than buying a new product. I am dropping my review to 2 stars since it did when all is said and done last 20 months which comes out to $1.20 a month at the price I paid and $1 a month at the current price. Final verdict, I will consider getting another one to replace this but only if I can't find one with a better warranty plan for about the same price.See original review below...There isn't really much to say about a switch, it has one simple job and as long as it does it that's what counts (A switch for those who are not certain is easiest to explain by saying it is akin to a power strip, you can plug all the machines you want into to it, but if you don't plug it into a managed source of signal such as a router or server it is like expecting a surge strip to provide power and work when it is not plugged into an AC outlet). If you want to split one LAN Drop (Network plug in) at for example at your entertainment center and hook up your PS3, Cable/Satellite box, Internet ready TV, A/V receiver with internet radio, etc. This is for you because all a switch does is take the one IP address assigned to it by the host system and share it out over all devices connected to it (while they are turned on and seeking connection of course, it doesn't allot bandwidth to devices that are not currently asking for any).Bottom line is this does the job so far and is well constructed, at this very moment unit has been plugged in for almost two weeks and is cool to the touch (I have it wall mounted behind my TV were it gets plenty of airflow) so time will tell but I have seen units like this in multiple brands at customer sites (I'm a network tech) work for years, if this one fails in an abnormally short time I will revise my review to reflect the time and details/circumstances of the failure.",
      'overall': 2.0,
      'summary': '*Updated* So far so good... not anymore',
      'unixReviewTime': 1279670400,
      'reviewTime': '07 21, 2010'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A3MZOX10MG7ZGJ',
      'asin': 'B000068P8R',
      'reviewerName': 'Harvey Arriaga',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "Never thought computer speakers could sound so great. Bought this brand first for my wife's desktop as her speakers had poor sound. I was so impressed I immediately purchased these for my laptop and could not be happier. High quality sound with little effort and you cant beat this price.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Wow, great sound',
      'unixReviewTime': 1367712000,
      'reviewTime': '05 5, 2013'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A1Z95PQLRRJ120',
      'asin': 'B00020S7XK',
      'reviewerName': 'The Traveler',
      'helpful': [1, 1],
      'reviewText': "I bought this for my emergency kit. I can't speak for much about it because I don't use it....its just for emergencies. I gave it 5 stars since it serves my purpose perfectly.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'For emergency kit',
      'unixReviewTime': 1362787200,
      'reviewTime': '03 9, 2013'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A3K8IBV8V35G1H',
      'asin': 'B00004TYBM',
      'reviewerName': 'L. Smith',
      'helpful': [14, 16],
      'reviewText': 'Tripod worked well and seemed sturdy. However, after six months (about 5 uses), an internal plastic part broke on a leg clamp. Now it is non-functional.Off to the company website: After two layers of company\'s deep (Velbon, and HakubaUSA), I find a service page. Email using the provided link. Bounces: \'Mailbox Full\'. Try to call: "We\'re sorry, we are unable to take your call.". Hmmmm. This one may be heading to the dumpster after just five uses.',
      'overall': 3.0,
      'summary': 'Broke at 6 months. Service Email Box Full.',
      'unixReviewTime': 1244678400,
      'reviewTime': '06 11, 2009'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A3T40H8O0U4OXH',
      'asin': 'B00008WIX5',
      'reviewerName': 'M. McDonald',
      'helpful': [17, 17],
      'reviewText': 'Hello Dolly,Where have you been all my life?This is a well made and easily set up.Makes moving your camera and tripod effortless.The wheels lock firmly into place making your tripod very stable.When the wheels are unlocked by the touch of your toe the dolly rolls really smooth...I wont set up without it.Nice Dolly / Nice Price / Way better than strapping on roller skates :)',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Hello Dolly',
      'unixReviewTime': 1236556800,
      'reviewTime': '03 9, 2009'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A2VDG6UXZI3ZN6',
      'asin': 'B00008CLZS',
      'reviewerName': 'K. Lockwood-Fleming',
      'helpful': [1, 1],
      'reviewText': "I bought this to use in my office, and it's great.  I'm addicted to XM, so it's nice to have in the car and office.  And, of course, I can bring the boom box anywhere.  And the price keeps going down.  Definitely a great accessory.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'This thing is great',
      'unixReviewTime': 1119484800,
      'reviewTime': '06 23, 2005'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A1V6OFTU6FI8CV',
      'asin': 'B0000CEPDF',
      'reviewerName': 'C.L.B.',
      'helpful': [4, 4],
      'reviewText': "I have both the MX-500 version and this bluetooth version, which I use primarily with my 12&quot; bluetooth powerbook. It was easy to set-up for bluetooth, but configuring the buttons beyond Expose on a mac is a pain. 3rd party software, etc. I even had to add a little program to adjust the acceleration and smooth the tracking. And then it would seem to lose the settings periodically. Logitech driver software has been lacking for me, both for PC and mac. So even though the mouse is solid and nice, it is only as good as it's software interface. Since Logitech has yet to write a driver interface for this mouse and OSX, be aware that all buttons in all programs will nit work without some oddball hacking. As for the PC, the Logitech drivers have a tendency to foul up other drivers you already have onboard. All in all the mouse gets 4-5 stars, the software (or lack thereof) gets 2.",
      'overall': 3.0,
      'summary': 'Nice quality mouse with some issues',
      'unixReviewTime': 1081296000,
      'reviewTime': '04 7, 2004'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A2WVSXEGZZ1SL3',
      'asin': 'B00009ZHS7',
      'reviewerName': '3party',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'These speakers perform remarkably well for their size and price.  Brookstone makes a large, flat speaker which is slimmer than this product, but is mono. These speakers put out meaningfully stereo sound, the hinged speakers allowing for surprisingly sensitive adjustments.  I recommend this product and rate it 4.5 stars.',
      'overall': 4.0,
      'summary': 'Terrific travel speakers for iPod et al',
      'unixReviewTime': 1252713600,
      'reviewTime': '09 12, 2009'},
     {'reviewerID': 'APV9N3FBJRH6D',
      'asin': 'B000233WJ6',
      'reviewerName': 'Andy',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "Ordered 3 25 foot extension cords. For the price, you can't beat the quality to Home Depot or Lowes. I will likely buy a few shorter ones. I have run several high energy items on the cord like an air compressor, saw, etc.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Love these cables',
      'unixReviewTime': 1373328000,
      'reviewTime': '07 9, 2013'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A3O0TAWBE4KVY1',
      'asin': 'B00009V2PG',
      'reviewerName': 'D. S. Clemens "Clem"',
      'helpful': [0, 1],
      'reviewText': 'My wife loves this option. I would have rated 5 star, but it is not wireless.  Sound and voice quality is very good.',
      'overall': 4.0,
      'summary': 'Panasonic Headset',
      'unixReviewTime': 1249603200,
      'reviewTime': '08 7, 2009'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A3HN8WYR7F1O38',
      'asin': 'B000068P8W',
      'reviewerName': 'UhOhBadDog',
      'helpful': [16, 18],
      'reviewText': 'Hands down, the best display cleaner I have found!  We use it as needed on our 46" LCD TV, a 20" LCD TV, our iMac, and a pair of laptops, and have found that a little goes a very long way - we\'ve been using it for a few months and it seems that we\'ve hardly dented the volume.  The microfiber cloth is durable and incredibly effective as well, and can be easily cleaned.  Finally, the best part is that dust seems less attracted to our displays after using this.  Love it!',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Better Than Advertised!',
      'unixReviewTime': 1170460800,
      'reviewTime': '02 3, 2007'},
     {'reviewerID': 'ADA8VJG8WNC9X',
      'asin': 'B00009M6TG',
      'reviewerName': 'R. Mozeleski',
      'helpful': [1, 1],
      'reviewText': "Great mic, stays on the ear and doesn't let the noise of the wind through when biking.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': "Mic's",
      'unixReviewTime': 1278892800,
      'reviewTime': '07 12, 2010'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A2A8EWHJLR09N5',
      'asin': 'B00020S7XK',
      'reviewerName': 'QueenB',
      'helpful': [1, 1],
      'reviewText': 'This radio works better than my old battery radios. The reception is much improved and the radio is smaller. I bought 2 of them because I like it so much. They are very handy for emergencies when the power goes out.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Works well',
      'unixReviewTime': 1355356800,
      'reviewTime': '12 13, 2012'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A3SMSFNBBRFRF5',
      'asin': 'B00007EDZG',
      'reviewerName': 'Jeff_IBX',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'A really good wireless remote for the price. It works great with my camara. There are a couple of faults but not with the remote, 1st you have to be sort of out in front of the camara for it to work, 2nd my camara D60 will only allow you to stay in remote mode for up to 15 min. I bought it to take pictures of humming birds and the like, with the camara set up and I at a distance, about 10 ft. Most of the time now I sort of camafloge the area of the camara (and myself) and do not use the remote for my camara times out to quickly. For anyone wanting a remote this is a good one.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Great wireless',
      'unixReviewTime': 1335830400,
      'reviewTime': '05 1, 2012'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A2X9Q0LDHPDBVO',
      'asin': 'B00009UHJS',
      'reviewerName': 'fridge454',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'I ordered this adapter for an aftermarket stereo install in my 2006 Silverado 1500 crew cab. Now I can finally listen to the radio when I forget my Ipod at home.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Scosche Adapter',
      'unixReviewTime': 1328140800,
      'reviewTime': '02 2, 2012'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A193UYYQABOEBK',
      'asin': 'B0000CG4DI',
      'reviewerName': 'InverseIQ',
      'helpful': [2, 4],
      'reviewText': 'I am giving a 5 star rating only because of the awesome work done by Creative in providing 5.1 and 7.1 output etc.But if sheer sound quality is only your concern, then consider the more expensive Echo Indigo IO or Echo Indigo DJ.If like me you just use a good quality headphones (I usea fair enough Grado SR80), then Echo Indigo IO is simply excellent for a PCMCIA sound card. Evidently improved Bass, more prestine Mids/Highs and much more overall depth of music over ZS Notebook. (Then again for pure sound quality, also consider Headroom Total Bithead (USB Soundcard)).Nevertheless, if you have a 5.1 or so speaker system into which you plug your laptop, or want a sound card for games with features optimised for them, then Audigy 2 ZS Notebook will be a totally awesome purchase.On an ending note.. Koodos to Creative for clubbing all the bells and horns into one small compact form factor.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Consider ECHO INDIGO IO/DJ also',
      'unixReviewTime': 1120262400,
      'reviewTime': '07 2, 2005'},
     {'reviewerID': 'AYCP34UAUOEUL',
      'asin': 'B00022OBOC',
      'reviewerName': 'David R. Wheeling',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "These are great speakers - especially for the extra cheap price I paid.  But, be aware that these speakers really need a higher wattage stereo to sound good.  I hooked them up to a standard issue Sony car stereo and was surprised how weak they sound at 50 watts.  I suspect that these things need at least 100 watts per speaker to really shine.  But, I'd still get them again.",
      'overall': 4.0,
      'summary': 'Good speakers (in need of extra watts)',
      'unixReviewTime': 1404172800,
      'reviewTime': '07 1, 2014'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A27X48PMUGK6U4',
      'asin': '0972683275',
      'reviewerName': 'Boyd',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'Well constructed wall mount for TV sets up to 37 inches. The mounting  plate has numerous holes for varius sets. Plenty of extra hardware provided. Price was about 1/8th of what it would cost on the open market. I recommend it highly.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'HD TV wall mount',
      'unixReviewTime': 1290211200,
      'reviewTime': '11 20, 2010'},
     {'reviewerID': 'AYFCMX6EMIPKE',
      'asin': 'B00006JN3G',
      'reviewerName': 'Scott',
      'helpful': [2, 2],
      'reviewText': 'I don\'t get it?  What is it?  A brush and some type of felt pad?  It does not "remove" it blends.  Best way to clean is to use a Gotti blower, lens tissue and lens solution.  A brush is good to use as well. I blow off my camera every time I use it.  Not worth it really. A brush would be just fine.',
      'overall': 3.0,
      'summary': 'a brush and ?',
      'unixReviewTime': 1210982400,
      'reviewTime': '05 17, 2008'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A28M7EFC3YLY3F',
      'asin': 'B00003CWG2',
      'reviewerName': 'Scott A. Choden',
      'helpful': [7, 8],
      'reviewText': "What the cable companies provide in 1Ghz cheapo coaxial splitters is insufficient to get the best TV picture quality, particularly if one has several coaxial cable connections relating to TV's and broadband internet. I found in using the increased bandwidth of the Monster splitters of 2Ghz having improved the sharpness of analog and digital cable TV reception. Additionally, as more people are opting for HDTV sets and broadband internet connectivity, reducing signal loss will provide one potential improvement relating to multiple connections. Other issues relate to dirty AC power interference and the quality of the cabling used, (such as superior performance in S-Video or composite cables), so the solution to maximize your signal quality is multifaceted. It is recommended to use either the 2 or 3 splitter variation. The 4-splitter model has more signal loss. Use the splitters at the entry point and where one splits coax between the TV and other components such as DVD/DVR's.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Improve your signal quality for TV and broadband.',
      'unixReviewTime': 1170720000,
      'reviewTime': '02 6, 2007'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A3SBMTV0J72YM',
      'asin': 'B00005ATMI',
      'reviewerName': 'Mikey',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "Great case. Carries all my CD/DVDs/Blurays. No complaints. Pretty straight forward product and don't feel like it requires an in dept review.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Very Spacious',
      'unixReviewTime': 1391126400,
      'reviewTime': '01 31, 2014'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A3H13BKE90ABBD',
      'asin': 'B000051SFJ',
      'reviewerName': 'S. Kong "mookie"',
      'helpful': [1, 1],
      'reviewText': 'It is not the prettiest of sleeves.  Nor is it the most expensive of sleeves.  But, it does its job.  My 15.4" widescreen notebook fits inside fine -- there is still a little room around, but not much -- it does not fit like a glove though.  It is really nice that the zipper tab can be buttoned down.  I use this sleeve to protect my notebook inside my Timbuk2 bag when I have to lug around my notebook.',
      'overall': 4.0,
      'summary': 'Inexpensive And Does Its Job',
      'unixReviewTime': 1176336000,
      'reviewTime': '04 12, 2007'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A116K49GU3QGW9',
      'asin': 'B00007AP2O',
      'reviewerName': 'A Guy "Otis"',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "I've tried it on 2 laptops and it works immediately, as far as the keyboard side is concerned. I have not tried it with a wired mouse, but for under 2 bucks and free shipping, if it lasts a year I'll be fine with it.",
      'overall': 4.0,
      'summary': 'Works great!',
      'unixReviewTime': 1398988800,
      'reviewTime': '05 2, 2014'},
     {'reviewerID': 'AF584SC1KRPQ8',
      'asin': 'B000237C9M',
      'reviewerName': 'Chad w Brening',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'Works as described for my Canon T3i.  I used this with Celestron Telescope T-adaptor/barlow lens universal 1-1/4 inch.  Connecting to my Bushnell Voyager telescope.  great quality.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Great Product',
      'unixReviewTime': 1384473600,
      'reviewTime': '11 15, 2013'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A2XA2CB3JQXPT0',
      'asin': 'B00008ZPED',
      'reviewerName': 'Basecamp',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'I purchased this and the SANOXY USB to PS/2 Adapter for use on an old IBM PS/2 keyboard and mouse attached to a multi-computer switch box.  I was actually surprised that both sets of cables worked perfectly.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Worked as advertised',
      'unixReviewTime': 1383350400,
      'reviewTime': '11 2, 2013'},
     {'reviewerID': 'AV8DMVCYEVXZE',
      'asin': 'B0000C3GWU',
      'reviewerName': 'James E. Ginch Jr.',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "I'm pleased with the sound output from these speakers. I use them with a Mac, and I hear a pop whenever I start up, but after that, they work perfectly.",
      'overall': 4.0,
      'summary': 'Very Good Speakers',
      'unixReviewTime': 1169510400,
      'reviewTime': '01 23, 2007'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A1SDRBFKQ8QHZ3',
      'asin': 'B000068O33',
      'reviewerName': 'Gadgetman',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'Bought this took my Ipod up to a portable stereo speaker. Works perfect! Not a cheap piece of junk. Would buy again',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Works Great',
      'unixReviewTime': 1400803200,
      'reviewTime': '05 23, 2014'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A231WM2Z2JL0U3',
      'asin': 'B00006412G',
      'reviewerName': 'Rheumor',
      'helpful': [23, 23],
      'reviewText': 'For the vast majority of digital camera users, this A40 will meet all of their needs well into the future. The Canons have a fine reputation for durability and if ever there is a problem, service has been excellent. The A40 in the entry model in a series of sturdy digicams that offer progressively higher resolutions, but little else in terms of functionality. As I have stated in numerous reviews of other digicams, resolution much beyond 2 megapixels is worse than useless for *most* applications, it is costly. It not only costs money in the sense that it raises the initial price of the camera, but operationally, it requires greater battery use, usually involves longer lag times between shots, takes much longer to download to a PC and especially prolongs both phases of e-mailing photos (your uploading the file and your recipient opening it). These latter issues are, in my opinion, the most important, as the real purpose of digital cameras is their neat integration into the world of personal computing.  [note: For those folks whose needs are enlarging photos beyond 8" x 10", higher resolution is required] The other features of the A40 worth noting are its very adequate 3X optical zoom (do not accept digital zooms in place of optical zooms; they are not equals), its ability to operate off readily available AA alkalines (though it will accept rechargeables and these make more sense in may ways), its easily expandable memory and its rather surprising number of user-controllable settings, all of which can be handled automatically if you prefer. Lastly, the current price is half what it would have been 18 months ago, making this deal almost too good to pass up.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'No compromises.',
      'unixReviewTime': 1022457600,
      'reviewTime': '05 27, 2002'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A5MTZTDSIBX09',
      'asin': 'B00001WRSJ',
      'reviewerName': 'Colby McGehee',
      'helpful': [1, 1],
      'reviewText': "These have become the preferred headphones of choice for tracking. I wasn't expecting much when I picked up a pair of these on Black Friday for $40. I've had numerous people google these after using them to see where they can get them in town quicker. These are the real deal.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Best Overall Studio Headphone Value',
      'unixReviewTime': 1392422400,
      'reviewTime': '02 15, 2014'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A1U5NWJOYH2QQH',
      'asin': 'B00011Y1MQ',
      'reviewerName': 'Old geek',
      'helpful': [3, 3],
      'reviewText': "Not bad for the price, if it worked as advertised.  The hardware is not bad.  Sound quality not so hot, but acceptable.  I was happy with it .... but the killer was the server software.  I had a lot of problems with it... slow operation, and worst of all, my database would disappear often, forcing me to spend much time reloading it.  Found out why.  I have 6000+ songs.  It will load these, ONCE.  When you try to update anything after that, it goes nuts and does weird things and eventually clears out database on it's own.  Called tech support.....they said THE SUPPLIED SERVER CAN ONLY HAND THREE HUNDRED ENTRIES.  Stupid.So, if you want to keep this, you are limited.  You can also use a third party server, but why?I have also tried the Linksys product, which will NOT work on WIN98SE.  I also have the DLINK DSM320...best of the bunch.  The DSM320 is a keeper, this Netgear, NO.",
      'overall': 1.0,
      'summary': 'Decent Hardware for Price.  Unacceptable software.',
      'unixReviewTime': 1122595200,
      'reviewTime': '07 29, 2005'},
     {'reviewerID': 'AG08KHIO8TVPY',
      'asin': 'B00004ZCJE',
      'reviewerName': 'Scott D. Siegmund',
      'helpful': [1, 1],
      'reviewText': "I purchased this as low cost protection for the glass on my new Sigma 50-150 1:2.8.  Appears to have no impact on lens clarity so it does what I need - protects the lens.  I'm sure a multicoat filter would perform better shooting into the sun, but I needed cost effective protection for a somewhat expensive lens.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Very affordable insurance.',
      'unixReviewTime': 1371945600,
      'reviewTime': '06 23, 2013'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A1U5IJHJK84S54',
      'asin': 'B00005LELD',
      'reviewerName': 'Daniel A. Koblosh',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "Got this for the 50mm 1.8D.Pros:- rugged- collapsible- rubber offers impact protection- compact- 52mm male threads to fit lens- 52mm female threads on front to take lens cap or another filter- 3-1/4&#34; diameter- extends length of lens 3/8&#34; or so when collapsedCons:- pricy, of course. It's a Nikon accessory.&#34;55/1.2&#34; &#34;Nikon&#34; &#34;Japan&#34; &#34;HR-2&#34; &#34;R8&#34; molded into the rubber.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Nikon Quality and Fit - perfect for 50mm 1.8D',
      'unixReviewTime': 1393632000,
      'reviewTime': '03 1, 2014'},
     {'reviewerID': 'AQZ3U03RS6C88',
      'asin': 'B0000C73CQ',
      'reviewerName': 'HPRMLC',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'So glad to see instant cameras making a comeback and the price of film not too expensive. Gave these as a gift and she was very pleased.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Great price!',
      'unixReviewTime': 1401667200,
      'reviewTime': '06 2, 2014'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A1VRRZVP3Y0H5S',
      'asin': 'B0000BVDG8',
      'reviewerName': 'point & shoot',
      'helpful': [2, 2],
      'reviewText': 'and Nikon is one of them. If you own Nikon lenses I suggest you get this if not B + W or other quality name brands.  With the Nikon NC filter, I see no yellow tint as opposed to my HOYA filter.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Only buy name brand filters....',
      'unixReviewTime': 1273795200,
      'reviewTime': '05 14, 2010'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A39ANGL5T77E0B',
      'asin': 'B00004T8R2',
      'reviewerName': 'David Higgins',
      'helpful': [1, 1],
      'reviewText': 'I figured with such a cheap price tag that these headphones would be complete junk and would distort with heavy bass.  However I was surprised at the clean and deep bass response and crisp highs.  I am going to order another pair just in case I step on these and break them like I have done with my last pair of headphones :P',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Suprisingly very good quality',
      'unixReviewTime': 1206489600,
      'reviewTime': '03 26, 2008'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A35TD8QAUMV0DB',
      'asin': 'B00001P4ZH',
      'reviewerName': 'Stephen G.',
      'helpful': [40, 44],
      'reviewText': 'Take what other reviewers have said about these headphones, believe them, and then multiply it by 100. I received a pair of Koss UR-20s as a gift years ago and loved them  so naturally I looked to Koss again when replacing my portable/on-the-go headphones. After buying a pair of KSC-55s, which sounded great but were uncomfortable for me personally, I hopped on Amazon and found everyone raving about the PortaPros. I figured they were good, especially considering that the design seems unchanged since the 1980s (which has to mean something), but I also figured that this was one of those things that was just too good to be true. However, these are bar-none the most amazing headphones I have ever put on my head. Listening to some of my favorite songs for the first time was one of those \'wow\' moments where you realize you have found something that changes your expectations completely. The bar will be raised the instant you hear the bass response and incredible acoustic qualities of these light, comfortable headphones.I don\'t know what I\'m impressed with the most: the amazing bass, the excellent stereo division, or how loud they can get! These things are just as amazing as most of the reviews show them to be and then a lot more... I was worried about the eighties styling, but in person they don\'t look bad at all. I hate headphones that scream for attention, but these don\'t look like that when you have them on and I have already been wearing them in public (something I didn\'t think I would do after only seeing the picture of them online). And even if they\'re a bit outdated in appearance, the design is so functional you won\'t even give looks a second thought after you put them on.One thing is for sure: these things have plenty of bass! Not too much (not "boomy"), but they seem properly tuned for listening to things without "bass booster" turned on, which I like. Even with the bass settings adjusted high, the bass remains clear and crisp. I\'m not sure how much power these can handle without damaging them, but I listen to them very loud and they do not sound distorted or stressed at all. After a few days my left speaker began making some weird noises and it ended up being a hair stuck inside the headphones that I cleared out with canned air. Something important to consider is that these are very open and airy headphones and the treble carries very well outside the headphones (so someone nearby could definitely hear what you\'re listening to if you have the volume up loud).Others have mentioned that they felt the headphones were too tight feeling, but I have a very large head and they fit me without a problem. However, if I will be wearing them for an extended period of time I always set them to the "Light" setting on the comfortZone control (which divides the side pressure of  the headphones with your temples rather than just on your ears).I already had headphones I was pleased with (Sony MDR-G52s and Koss UR-20s) but I wanted a set of small, portable headphones for use with my laptop and these are perfect. The folding design isn\'t something I necessarily wanted, but it is nice. The carrying case they come with (a leatherette bag) is a slightly tight fit and I probably won\'t end up using it much since it is not a hard case that would protect them from shock or crushing. Some others have mentioned that they feel delicate or are easily broken, but compared to other small headphones I have had they seem very well built and equally strong considering their light weight.While I wouldn\'t say these are bad things about the PortaPros, it is worth mentioning that the headband is metal and will occasionally snag a hair as you adjust it on your head, and that they don\'t fold down as small as you might think they would so don\'t expect to put them in your pants pocket or something. Considering these are the worst things I can come up with to say about the PortaPros, they are nearly perfect in my book.I can\'t say enough good things about these PortaPros! They\'re simply amazing. These are the first headphones (or speakers) I\'ve had that sound absolutely awesome without adjusting the equalizer or pumping up the bass. They sound good on everything from R&amp;B to Country and everything in-between. I\'ve been especially impressed that they pull the bass and highs out of a song without getting that shrill, tinny treble that plagues so many headphones. If there ever was a question about the quality of Koss stereophones in my mind, these PortaPros have put it to rest and made me into a lifetime customer! If you\'re like me you\'ll wish you had discovered these legendary headphones (haha! how often is that said?) years ago...',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': "You won't believe your ears",
      'unixReviewTime': 1083369600,
      'reviewTime': '05 1, 2004'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A3JKGPDL9WRTOW',
      'asin': 'B00009ZY5C',
      'reviewerName': 'J. Lee',
      'helpful': [1, 1],
      'reviewText': "I bought this antenna because some reviewers loved it, and I wanted improved reception on both AM and FM stations without having to rig up an external antenna.  I connected it to my stereo receiver, and compared the sound quality with that from my old, cheap antennas that came with the receiver (a 300-ohm flat ribbon antenna for FM, and a small plastic loop antenna for AM).  The Terk came up short to both, regardless of how I oriented it.Maybe this antenna helps in some situations, but it didn't help me.  I returned it yesterday for a refund.",
      'overall': 2.0,
      'summary': 'Not as good as cheap ribbon antenna',
      'unixReviewTime': 1318464000,
      'reviewTime': '10 13, 2011'},
     {'reviewerID': 'AN7B1XVV2JB7U',
      'asin': 'B00005T39Y',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'this little cassette is super loud in our two tape players, it sounds like it grinding inside the tape player...garbage!',
      'overall': 1.0,
      'summary': 'Loud in tape player',
      'unixReviewTime': 1387670400,
      'reviewTime': '12 22, 2013'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A6MFQD6NAUXKA',
      'asin': 'B00022OBO2',
      'reviewerName': 'Anna',
      'helpful': [1, 1],
      'reviewText': 'I bought these speakers because they had a good price and high watts, I like to play my music LOUD every once and a while and so I wanted to make sure that the speakers won\'t blow out on me like my last ones did, well first off these speakers sound great, it has a crisp sound that doesn\'t get all muffled when you turn the volume up, second they give off a pretty good little bump for not having an amp attached and just running off the radio, the price was a reason i was skeptical about these being good speakers, but they\'ve been working very well for the week that i\'ve been "testing" them out, a set back was that these speakers didn\'t fit like amazon says they would, i had four 6.5inch speakers in my car that were factory speakers, when i took the two back ones up and lined these up with the holes i found them to be slightly too small for the back, when trying to match them up with the front speakers which sit in my doors they looked to match up better but i wasn\'t about to take my door panels off my car in this cold ass weather and since the weather outlook wasn\'t too good i wanted to get my speakers in right away so i kinda ghetto fied the speakers into the back where two of the screws line up but the third one is slightly too far and the fourth one i had to put the screw on the outside of the speaker just to make sure it would move or rattle, i have a 95 camaro and i\'m deciding later to get slightly bigger speakers and put them in the back and switch these to the front, also i think i read that someone said these light up blue? i\'m not sure if i read that right but these don\'t seem to light up, they still look good though and sound great, overall i would recommend these to someone looking for good speakers for a good price but just make sure you really measure up before getting these to see if they\'re the right size',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'You get more than you paid for',
      'unixReviewTime': 1324252800,
      'reviewTime': '12 19, 2011'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A3PJN2QWGVTG4X',
      'asin': 'B000165AS0',
      'reviewerName': 'Kevin B',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "Yes, the pic is wrong.  The cable is black, not white or see-thru.  Which is fine with me!  --Cables with see-thru coatings don't seem to work well.  The smaller ends are not shaped right to snugly stay connected.--  BUT THIS ONE IS PERFECT.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'It works!',
      'unixReviewTime': 1320192000,
      'reviewTime': '11 2, 2011'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A3TGKOV5OEFI6V',
      'asin': 'B00007EDM8',
      'reviewerName': 'FloridaGirl',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "I bought these headphones based on the reviews here, as well as some suggestions in other articles and I had high hopes.  I use an mp3 player for exercise and I definitely have had a problem with the earbuds coming out, mostly when I run and skip rope.I found that I was constantly adjusting the headphones in my ears and I had a lot more attention on them falling out than when I used my other earbuds. When I put my mp3 player and the cord for the headphones under my shirt (my usual custom to help prevent wires jumping about all over the place, these were pulled out of my ears a couple times. When I kept the mp3 player under my shirt and ran the cord down the bottom of my shirt and up the outside it was much better and they weren't pulled out again.Part of the problem may be that my ears are a bit curled out, but do take this into account - not all ears are the same!The sound quality is okay, but not great.I will continue using them as I've worn out my other headphones and these aren't terrible, but if I'd had a chance to try them out before purchasing, I wouldn't.",
      'overall': 3.0,
      'summary': 'Not as good as I expected',
      'unixReviewTime': 1295913600,
      'reviewTime': '01 25, 2011'},
     {'reviewerID': 'AG1CBEN65QI9W',
      'asin': 'B0001A3N44',
      'reviewerName': 'Vance Le "vl"',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'I lost mine that came with the SB-800 flash. So I bought this. It takes a couple of minutes to install it and get used to. It definitely helps the flash recycling time. Recommend it. It looks nice with the SB-800 too.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Nikon SD-800 quick recycling battery pack',
      'unixReviewTime': 1237420800,
      'reviewTime': '03 19, 2009'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A3CTALEIQP19XZ',
      'asin': 'B000069Z5U',
      'reviewerName': 'Marc J "Road Warrior"',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'Works fine.  Direct replacement.  No complaints.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Works fine.',
      'unixReviewTime': 1403740800,
      'reviewTime': '06 26, 2014'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A2L9G81KGUXOD7',
      'asin': 'B00008OE6I',
      'reviewerName': 'Jason Buberel',
      'helpful': [21, 22],
      'reviewText': "I've been using my Powershot S400 for nearly 6 months now, and have taken well over 1,000 pictures with it. I had previous owned a Minolta S404, and I have been much happier with the Powershot for the following reasons:1. The autofocus mechanism is much more reliable than the Minolta S404 in my experience. This probably has something to do with the autofocus assist lamp. Even in bright outdoor scenes, the Powershot seems to do a better job.2. Less noise in low light situation than the Minolta S404. None of the flash photos that I've taken with this camera have shown signficant color noise problems like what I saw in the Minolta.3. Very short time between frames. When you turn off the LCD preview, you can shoot images back to back in under 2 seconds. The Minolta would pause nearly 4-5 seconds in most cases.4. It is actually compact enough to be easily portable. Don't fool yourself into thinking that one of the medium sized cameras (Minolta S404, Canon G3/G4/G5) will give you all the control you loved about your old 35mm SLR camera. They don't come close. To make matters worse, they are also no more portable than a full-size SLR. So in one sense, they are the worst of both worlds: too bulky to fit in a pocket, but not geeky enough to make real photo geeks happy. The Powershot is a good compromise in that you give up some manual features and interchangeable lenses, but you have a camera that will literally fit in your pocket.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Terriffic ultra-compact camera',
      'unixReviewTime': 1054771200,
      'reviewTime': '06 5, 2003'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A1CX5JZD7J6M0N',
      'asin': 'B00003CWDK',
      'reviewerName': 'M. Lisowyj',
      'helpful': [0, 2],
      'reviewText': "I bought this when I upgraded to a HDTV and surround sound.  I've been using it over a year now without any problems.  Every socket is being used without any glitches.  If you need a lot of sockets and a reliable, well made power strip, this is the one to buy.  It's pretty cheap as well making it a great deal!",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Great for your home theater!',
      'unixReviewTime': 1193270400,
      'reviewTime': '10 25, 2007'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A1E8XGHM6Z4W93',
      'asin': 'B0001XGQCC',
      'reviewerName': 'Lubomir Velev "Lubomir Velev"',
      'helpful': [0, 1],
      'reviewText': 'Now I can control my Logitech Z5500 from the comfort of my couch cause this cable connects my DVD to it for digital audio connection that is not optical! Belkin digital audio cables are the best in the industry and I highly recommend them!',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'This cable is trouble-free!',
      'unixReviewTime': 1232323200,
      'reviewTime': '01 19, 2009'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A3JJYIYDNQ6LGY',
      'asin': 'B00005LACI',
      'reviewerName': 'E. Smith "Value buyer"',
      'helpful': [3, 3],
      'reviewText': "Let's face it.  Most audio cables are WAY over-priced (Monster in particular)!  These are priced where they should be and provide very satisfactory performance at the right price.  You might get a little better performance with a more expensive cable, but you'll have to pay 50% more to get just a small improvement (law of diminishing returns).  Buy these.  You'll probably never know (or hear) the difference.",
      'overall': 4.0,
      'summary': 'GREAT VALUE!',
      'unixReviewTime': 1130025600,
      'reviewTime': '10 23, 2005'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A265SJME8Z3Z21',
      'asin': 'B0001BVXI6',
      'reviewerName': 'M. Amburn',
      'helpful': [8, 9],
      'reviewText': 'Unit Failure:I tried everything, and I could only get one of the two USB ports to function. Tried mouse, keyboard, flash card reader... everything worked on side one; nothing on side two. Strange thing is that they all got power -- the mouse lit up, the flash card reader lit up -- but weren\'t recognized. Attempted on second workstation with same results. Not sure if this is a defective unit or just bad design.Design Flaw:The only way to switch between computers is a keyboard "hot key" combination. However, I COULD NOT GET ANY COMBINATION TO WORK. I tried everything in the book, and nothing would switch computers. I could type fine; the unit simply refused to recognize any attempt to switch. I have no idea if this is an issue with my keyboard or the switch.Functional Quirks:Even with the side that worked, I noticed irregularities. When I first plugged-in my mouse, my PC didn\'t see any changes. Even after a restart, nothing. On a whim, I unplugged the mouse from the switch and inserted into Computer, which the PC immediately recognized. I then unplugged/plugged into switch, and the PC recognized it this time with the switch. Same behavior with the keyboard. Experience was not consistent, i.e. I restarted several times afterward and it seemed to be ok.Summary:1. Due to the design flaw (keyboard switching), I was not able to successfully switch between computers; and, thus, could not confirm the unit would switch between PC and Mac.2. Due to the product flaw (bad switch), I was simultaneously able to use a keyboard or a mouse, but not both at the same time.3. Due to the irregularities of the one working USB port, I do not have sufficient faith in this unit to exchange for another one. The last thing I want is to spend two weeks getting a replacement only to have plug the mouse in and out of the PC periodically to get it to work.Recommendation:I do not recommend this unit or this vendor under any circumstances. Find a unit with a hard button switch to prevent any keyboard "hot key" incompatibility. You obviously get what you pay for. If any one has any suggestions, feel free to email me at mikeamburn@hotmail.comComputer 1: Windows XP ProfessionalComputer 2: new Mac MiniPeripherals: Microsoft Natural Keyboard, Microsoft Optical Mouse',
      'overall': 1.0,
      'summary': 'Failed right out of the box',
      'unixReviewTime': 1110067200,
      'reviewTime': '03 6, 2005'},
     {'reviewerID': 'AC871EE3C5P1R',
      'asin': 'B00009329J',
      'reviewerName': 'Anjuna',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'Great cable with great flexibility and comfort of using locking tabs. The cable is lightweight yet conforms to all cat6 standards.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'good',
      'unixReviewTime': 1359763200,
      'reviewTime': '02 2, 2013'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A2ZWIONA8D197G',
      'asin': 'B00011KLVQ',
      'reviewerName': 'Weldon R. Desouza',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'Hi, I was a little sceptical about getting these after the mixed (poor) reviews on amazon.Anyhow they were delivered last week... I needed these so we could watch tv / videos in the evenings when the kids were asleep. So it is for home use.I got a 12v DC adapter fairly cheaply and fired the unit up. YES we are really impressed with the sound quality, the build of the headphones and the transmission range. Of course its not top dollar audiophile sound quality (I am a gadget man) BUT it does the job really well at all sound frequencies, very clear and especially at this price.The TV with the sending unit/transmitter is about 20 feet away directly in front of us and there is no distortion whatsoever - the sound quality is just superb !!!I also moved out of line of sight by about 30 degrees and still the sound quality remained fairly impressive - so overall I am really pleased with this purchase. Nice One !Cheers.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Super !!!',
      'unixReviewTime': 1376265600,
      'reviewTime': '08 12, 2013'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A1HLDQO47S14F3',
      'asin': 'B00008A6CC',
      'reviewerName': 'Amazon Customer "I\'m retired. Don\'t ask me to...',
      'helpful': [5, 6],
      'reviewText': "I'm an IT tech. I bought this to keep on my truck for spare; it knocked around, outside the box, in the back of my truck for a year. This morning I needed it, plugged it in to my new HP workstation and it fired up and was sending a fax within 5 minutes. I NEVER use drivers that come on cd with a device, I always download the latest from the manufacturer's website, and this was no exception. I came back here to buy another one for my husband's pc, but when I saw all these frustrated buyers I thought I should put in my two cent's worth.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Works fine for me',
      'unixReviewTime': 1132185600,
      'reviewTime': '11 17, 2005'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A38Z6QG6988WS7',
      'asin': 'B00005T3G0',
      'reviewerName': 'Ricanguy007 "Ricanguy007"',
      'helpful': [0, 1],
      'reviewText': "I used monster cable payed quadruple the price it was time to change cable, needed to extend speakers farther and cable was to short, so after extensive research, I decided to purchase this cable, and honestly it worked just as good no difference in any aspect.so don't waste your money this is just as good or better for a fraction of the price.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'why pay more for the same or better',
      'unixReviewTime': 1329264000,
      'reviewTime': '02 15, 2012'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A3QQGPI3CTV9SX',
      'asin': 'B00009R90O',
      'reviewerName': 'Stuart Floyd',
      'helpful': [14, 14],
      'reviewText': "This products does exactly as intended and will extend the life of your negatives for sure.  I have used them many times over the decades and they have improved them in quality and protection since I started buying these items back in the early 80's. If you have old negatives lying around get them out, wipe them off and place them in these sleeves to help save them and store them.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Acid Free, Thick, Good Negative Storage and Protection',
      'unixReviewTime': 1211932800,
      'reviewTime': '05 28, 2008'},
     {'reviewerID': 'AM8C0P743N0WL',
      'asin': 'B00007E7JU',
      'reviewerName': 'MrD',
      'helpful': [5, 6],
      'reviewText': "Now, consider first the price: I paid about $100 for mine, with the going rate right now at about $120. This is not a professional lens, by any stretch... but it is one of the best lenses you can purchase as a beginning photographer!I have had this lens for about 4-5 months right now, and it has barely been off my camera! The aperture allows for very low-light photography, and the glass is good quality for the price you pay.The lens construction is plastic, but unless you are particularly rough on your equipment, you shouldn't have a problem. The focusing ring is small, but I rarely use manual focus because most of my photos are of action shots.Speaking of action shots, that's where this lens shines. I take photos of one of the local show choirs pretty often, and the environment in their shows isn't exactly conducive to photography. Lighting is very variable; sometimes the light is good, but other times there's a spotlight on one or two people with limited light on the rest. That makes for some demanding choices- do you go with a high ISO and/or aperture and try to get a good shot of everyone, or do you just try to get the people in the spotlight? With this lens, you can open up the aperture much wider than a kit lens, which means that you don't have to raise the ISO. That's good if you want to reduce noise in the photos. I can shoot 800 or 1600 ISO with a wide aperture and still stop the motion of the dancers.There are a few weaknesses, though. This is a prime lens- no variable zoom, which means that your zoom is all leg-zoom. I've gotten very good at moving around for my photography because of this, so unless you simply cannot move, this isn't really a weakness. The lens does sometimes focus slowly, and with a narrow manual focus ring it isn't easy to keep focused. It also isn't great for macro shots- the minimum focus distance is somewhere around 1.5 feet, so the kit lens is better in that one circumstance.Pros:InexpensiveHigh quality for the priceLarge apertureLightweightCons:Plastic construction (lightens the lens, but less durability)No zoom (not a Con for me, but for some it might be)Small focus ringSometimes slow to focusLong minimum focus length",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Should be your first purchase!',
      'unixReviewTime': 1331683200,
      'reviewTime': '03 14, 2012'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A2DZ4HDD1RIUZM',
      'asin': 'B00006BBAB',
      'reviewerName': 'hifive',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'I now rely on my surge protector to keep my computer safe from electrical harm. I would recommend surge protectors for all important  electronics.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'helps protect my computer',
      'unixReviewTime': 1373673600,
      'reviewTime': '07 13, 2013'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A3QI4J15KMAUVQ',
      'asin': 'B00006B7SG',
      'reviewerName': 'A. Culver',
      'helpful': [0, 21],
      'reviewText': 'This is not what I was looking for I was looking for only that only had audio not audio and Mic',
      'overall': 1.0,
      'summary': 'Not what I thought',
      'unixReviewTime': 1268179200,
      'reviewTime': '03 10, 2010'},
     {'reviewerID': 'APBB297H3ZA5E',
      'asin': 'B00006HOLO',
      'reviewerName': 'Harry M. Shin',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': '1.  I needed a small, batt powered radio for work--> very nice radio, works well, also like the weather radio band, good price--> what else can I say than highly recommended.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Nice semi compact radio',
      'unixReviewTime': 1187913600,
      'reviewTime': '08 24, 2007'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A1BTAH0LF7BFIJ',
      'asin': 'B0001WXTF0',
      'reviewerName': 'Julian Lewis "jrlewis"',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'This item does what it says when it comes to playing media off your PC using wireless. The setup how ever took me some time to figure out. The media server that comes with it is not very good as I had a had time linking my media files to the player.After searching the internet for an alternative server I got this one called TVersity, it is brilliant and now I can play all my media content with no problem.',
      'overall': 4.0,
      'summary': 'Good Product',
      'unixReviewTime': 1271289600,
      'reviewTime': '04 15, 2010'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A8W7SXBBI9SI',
      'asin': 'B0000DC643',
      'reviewerName': 'meStaq',
      'helpful': [1, 7],
      'reviewText': 'This is my third Speedpad (an n50 and a 1st n52).  I use them for 1st person shooter games.  An excellent device.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Nostromo n52',
      'unixReviewTime': 1120694400,
      'reviewTime': '07 7, 2005'},
     {'reviewerID': 'ANL4KA01IF8QP',
      'asin': 'B00005LEN4',
      'reviewerName': 'LRae',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "I'm impressed with this lens. Not only it's considerably less expensive than most Nikkor lenses but it's actually a genuine Nikkor lens! Portrait photos come out beautiful! Highly recommended!",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Perfect for portraits!',
      'unixReviewTime': 1395187200,
      'reviewTime': '03 19, 2014'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A3FJNA9F3FEK95',
      'asin': 'B00005AB9R',
      'reviewerName': 'George E. Robertson',
      'helpful': [1, 1],
      'reviewText': 'This worked on my Samsung GX20.  It tripped the GX20 on a tripod just fine even from across a 60 foot street to put me in the picture.  It is very small and hides well. Nothing not to like.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'GOOD REMOTE and very small',
      'unixReviewTime': 1263945600,
      'reviewTime': '01 20, 2010'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A1V61ORMYHRJ61',
      'asin': 'B00005T406',
      'reviewerName': 'C. Barry',
      'helpful': [7, 7],
      'reviewText': "I have bilateral Carpal Tunnel Syndrome and have had both hands surgically repaired within the last year. I do application design work and need to have very fine control over the position of the pointer. Not wanting to have a regression in symptoms, and looking for the most comfortable pointing device that allows me to work without moving my wrist, I've tried several different trackballs. I have bought theKensington Expert Mouse Optical USB Trackball for PC or Mac 64325, the Logitech Trackman Wheel, and this Logitech Optical Marble Mouse. The Expert Mouse was very well built and included a nice wrist rest, but it was a bit too large even for my large hand. I still had to move my wrist around in order to move the ball and press the buttons. I used it for two weeks before giving up on it. The Logitech Trackman's ball is manipulated by using the thumb only, and I found myself straining in order to hold the ball steady while clicking the mouse buttons. The main issue here is my own limitations rather than a design flaw on the mouse. Due to the nerve damage I suffered in my right hand, I can't hold my thumb steady enough to use this mouse.The Logitech Marble Mouse is perfect for my needs. The design is the most comfortable I have tried and I am able to move the ball using my index and middle fingers while letting my thumb and ring finger rest comfortably on the left and right buttons. An added bonus for me is that the buttons are not as sensitive as most others I have used. This allows me to relax my hand and let the fingers rest on the buttons without inadvertently clicking. I am able to comfortably work with this mouse without moving my wrist at all. There are two additional programmable buttons that are well-placed so that I don't accidentally click them, but they are handy when needed. The mouse is well built and has a nice heft to it. The rubberized areas underneath keep it from wandering across my desk.I highly recommend this product to anyone who either suffers from CTS or wants to avoid developing it in the future.I'm updating this review (1/14/2009) now that I have had this device for some time.My CP did begin to flare up again, and I have finally settled on a solution. I removed the ball from this trackball, and use it with my right hand only to click. I then gutted a regular mouse to disable the buttons (so I could relax my hand and let it rest over the mouse) and use it with my left to move the cursor. Yes, mousing is now a two-handed operation, but it is the only way I can avoid the damage to my wrists. Ideally, I would love to have a flat touch pad for my left instead of the mouse, but I haven't found one yet.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'We have a winner!',
      'unixReviewTime': 1194393600,
      'reviewTime': '11 7, 2007'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A3CVCTXMMG36GE',
      'asin': 'B00005854B',
      'reviewerName': 'Bobo',
      'helpful': [1, 1],
      'reviewText': "I first bought this thinking that it's going to take awhile to get this to work.  I bought this plus WPC11 from Amazon.  I also got an Orinoco PC card silver from another vendor (...)Anyway, the entire setup including unpacking the box and installing the software took only 4 minutes.  I was able to surf the Internet and browse my local network.I'm running Windows 2000.  USB runs fine.  Pop the Orinoco card in, install the driver, and change SSID, Done.  I was up and running with both PC card on two different laptops running Windows 2000 in under 10 min.The manual looks a little scary and confusing.  So I didn't bother with it.  I was able to do the entire install and setup without the manual.I have not try the range test yet, but sharing the hub (within couple offices on the same floor,) the speed and connection seems to be fine.  Good luck.",
      'overall': 4.0,
      'summary': 'Work fine with Windows 2000',
      'unixReviewTime': 1007078400,
      'reviewTime': '11 30, 2001'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A2180DX6EIK3I2',
      'asin': 'B00005LEN4',
      'reviewerName': 'Tony',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'Works great in my D80, no problems with the auto focus. Sharp lens though I thought it would be sharper based on other reviews. For the price, it is still five stars',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Sweet lens!',
      'unixReviewTime': 1384819200,
      'reviewTime': '11 19, 2013'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A24MZKJK0S46PA',
      'asin': 'B00009R6WT',
      'reviewerName': 'J. Sapulich',
      'helpful': [3, 3],
      'reviewText': "It's hard to believe everything they say about the quality and performance of Canon L series lenses, however, once you have tried one of this caliber it's hard to go back to anything else. This glass lives up to all of those expectations and really spoils you. The image quality, color, contrast and image depth are stunning. I use this for portraiture and also for photographing my oil paintings. Technically, you shouldn't use a lens like this to shoot paintings because it shouldn't be able to take pictures as sharp as a prime---however---the sharpness is simply amazing. As for weight it's not a problem---the 2.8 is worth it. Built tough. I highly recommend this lens!",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Beautiful!',
      'unixReviewTime': 1240790400,
      'reviewTime': '04 27, 2009'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A2ET9JI5MBBSQJ',
      'asin': 'B0000DB4D1',
      'reviewerName': 'King Tut',
      'helpful': [7, 8],
      'reviewText': "I needed a colorful handy organizer to keep track of my passwords, contacts, phone to relief my wallet (and my mind) from tons of sticky notes filled with passwords and phone numbers. My budget was tight and I got lucky and escaped the mono models when Officexxxxx had it for $99 after $100 rebate.(Tip: just scan Sunday's sales flyers on Saturday and save)The Tungesten E was it. The unit is slim, shinny, attractive and it screams for attention right out of the box. The Screen is awesome with 320x320 TFT vivid colors. 3 months have gone by, and the unit is rock solid performance and uptime. I only had to soft reset the unit few time and it was due to my file mismanagement and had never had a data loss.What do you do next? Upload the installation CD, and HotSync and Bingo. Used for what? A lot. Keep contacts, phone numbers, addresses, flight information, conversion, dictionary, calculator, maps, photo album, video, MP3, e-books, basic Excel and Word document, emails, and of course Games. There are tons of open source and free applications, databases, and utilities on the Web, just browse, install and test them one at a time.An external SD card is almost a must; I got the excellent Kingston Elite 512-S and have most of the graphic applications, MP3 files and games on it.My only complains are, the processor is a bit slow but adequate, the unit will not accept a WI-FI upgrade, and that the battery is fixed (not a user-accessible).If you're looking for beautiful screen, clean interface, ease of use, and on a budget, go for the E.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'A shining star',
      'unixReviewTime': 1115683200,
      'reviewTime': '05 10, 2005'},
     {'reviewerID': 'AHSQZM7KNJ8CF',
      'asin': 'B00006BBAC',
      'reviewerName': 'Some Guy',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'Great way to add redundancy to surge mitigation. I buy these where ever I am putting a TV or other electrical component. We liv win a high lightning area so we have whole house protection, but putting these throughout the house protects from device to devices failures inside the home.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Great way to add redundancy to surge mitigation.',
      'unixReviewTime': 1403827200,
      'reviewTime': '06 27, 2014'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A2P533MRZ7JB2Y',
      'asin': 'B00004TDMX',
      'reviewerName': 'Charles C. Catanese "ccatanese"',
      'helpful': [4, 4],
      'reviewText': 'WOW, what a great productivity tool.  Easy to use, quick access to all my info.  I only wish the unit was a bit thinner, but that is my only complaint.  At first I was worried that 2 meg memory was not enough, silly me.  I have had the 2 meg unit for 6 months and it is literally crammed with info and I have only used 40% of the memory.  I even have loaded a few games and other software toys.  Battery life is great too.  I access my Visor dozens of times daily and the 2 AAA batteries last 3 to 4 weeks!!  If you want to work, buy this unit.  But if you want to play sound, record, have color (which sucks batteries), play games, then spend alot more money on a CE unit.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'For those who want to work, not play',
      'unixReviewTime': 977961600,
      'reviewTime': '12 28, 2000'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A23LF95HUEIGUR',
      'asin': 'B00005N6KG',
      'reviewerName': 'Clyde O. Stephens "&#34;Old Fart Ex Tex&#34;"',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'Sony Ultra Lightweight Vertical In-The-Ear Headphones are uncomfortable in my ears and will not stay in position on my head so that the sound is unbalanced. Oddly enough, when I lay down with them on, they work very well.  That said, I am a very restful sleeper and move very little during my night.',
      'overall': 3.0,
      'summary': 'Sony Ultra Lightweight MDR-W08L Vertical In-The-Ear Headphones',
      'unixReviewTime': 1362960000,
      'reviewTime': '03 11, 2013'},
     {'reviewerID': 'AQCQYZ1QVQ5I0',
      'asin': 'B0001VGFKW',
      'reviewerName': 'Olive',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "I'm very happy with these. They are a lot heavier than expected and for backyard audio they are great. I my get a second pair. Great stuff.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'great quality and sound, especially for the price..',
      'unixReviewTime': 1403654400,
      'reviewTime': '06 25, 2014'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A2T8S7T4P1MWZ3',
      'asin': 'B000065BP9',
      'reviewerName': 'Bradley C. Freeman',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'Got these headphones for my son and I was astounded by the great sound quality for the price. Sound quality is comparable to my Bose QC2 headphones at 1/12 the price! It is not a noise cancelling headphone but the over the ear design does a good job of blocking outside noise. This is a great value. You will not be disappointed with these headphones.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Outstanding sound quality for the price',
      'unixReviewTime': 1194307200,
      'reviewTime': '11 6, 2007'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A3BP9IJ0HL6B8B',
      'asin': 'B00004Z7A5',
      'reviewerName': 'Sauropod',
      'helpful': [8, 8],
      'reviewText': "It is possible to download a Windows XP driver for this device. However, you really don't need one. I tried the touchpad with the XP driver and without, and found that the pre-installed generic XP driver provided smoother cursor motion. Of course, if you want all the special Glidepoint features, you need the XP driver from the Fellowes Web site, but I found the Glidepoint features to be more annoying than helpful, and the cursor motion became somewhat unpredictable. I recommend just hooking this device up to your Windows XP machine and letting the pre-installed XP (Home Edition) driver do the work. If you do, you'll find that this touchpad functions exceptionally well, and is a great value for the money - much better than those combo keyboard-touchpad devices, which are harder to use and less ergonomically satisfying.",
      'overall': 4.0,
      'summary': 'Works as Advertised',
      'unixReviewTime': 1086307200,
      'reviewTime': '06 4, 2004'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A1DHEF0CBWMDXG',
      'asin': 'B00006ICIW',
      'reviewerName': 'Steven Welter',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "The glow feature is nice. The remote still works just fine. I bought this in September of 06'.",
      'overall': 4.0,
      'summary': 'Like the glow feature',
      'unixReviewTime': 1265068800,
      'reviewTime': '02 2, 2010'},
     {'reviewerID': 'ATWH48MYU5RTS',
      'asin': 'B00006B80L',
      'reviewerName': 'DDA',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "I bought this modem in April 2003, and in over 3 1/2 years its performance is rock solid.  A speed test this week showed I was receiving near the theoretical max for my service level from my provider, so speed has not and continues not to be a problem.  In those many years, I don't think I've reset the device more than once a year at most.I recently advised a friend to pick one of these up as he is having daily problems with is provider's supplied modem.  Unfortunately, it looks like it may not be available anymore through resellers like Amazon.  Too bad.In short, it is hard to find a high-tech product that works perfectly without any effort on your part, but count this modem among that group of devices.  If you find one of these, buy it.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Rock solid after 3 1/2 years',
      'unixReviewTime': 1166140800,
      'reviewTime': '12 15, 2006'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A96JD9312DHWC',
      'asin': 'B000095S9V',
      'reviewerName': 'TorridlyBoredShopper "T(to the)B(to the)S"',
      'helpful': [29, 44],
      'reviewText': "Whenever I buy a portable CD player, I immediately rip into the package, check out what all the new features I've acquired are, and then I give the headphones away. Why? Because newer style players have all gone the same way the old styles have, with the over-the-ear styles that look more like earmuffs than headphones. Perhaps they enclose the ear in a different manner than in the past, imprisoning it in a different method, but the results are always the same. They convolute the sound, pushing the volume onto the ear but muffling the symphonies that are made. Personally I like to listen to all the sounds within my music, wanting what I paid for, and this is bothersome. In fact, I'd go play records with my grandmother if I wanted to hear a slightly distorted sound. See, I want to hear every synth in the EBM and I want to taste every flavor in the voxing of those voices. So, I go and buy myself a pair of MDRW24V's and I'm set.There are a few reasons I SWEAR by this design, and one of the more prominent ones (besides the in-the-ear design) is the volume control. The reason I like it is because it: (1) gives me an easy way to turn the player up when I'm too lazy to reach for the remote (2) gives me a back-up in case I break the remote or I accidentally get my player stuck on &quot;hold&quot; and I'm too busy to fish out the player or (3) because it allows me to override the sound restrictions that are there to safeguard my hearing on my discman and to make it louder. All of these work wonders, too, because I'm really not prone to listening to the noises that are manufactured by my fellow human beings. I'd rather drown out the Muzak when walking through the mall and I'd rather have an override switch that turns up the volume quickly if I'm approached by people I don't want to hear. Taking this and coupling it with an in-the-ear design works wonders, too.Besides that, they are durable, they don't blow out all that often, and you should honestly replace your headphones AT LEAST once a month anyhow - and more if you use them like I do. During the time that you own them, you shouldn't have to worry about durability issues, about its ability to carry sound, and you also shouldn't have to worry about something newly designed that looks nice but that hurt when you wrap it around your ears. Here you have the answers to all your listening needs because Sony products last!",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': "Because Earmuffs and Discmans Don't Mix",
      'unixReviewTime': 1069200000,
      'reviewTime': '11 19, 2003'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A8TK01U5VAWYC',
      'asin': 'B0000A0BOR',
      'reviewerName': '216bhv',
      'helpful': [0, 1],
      'reviewText': "We just installed the modem and it worked correctly right away.  It's too soon to know how reliable it will be, but so far so good.  It does seem to be a bit warm per some of the other reviews, but that is fine for where we are using it.  It arrived quickly and had all of the required accessories, and seemed to be brand new.  We are satisfied with the purchase and would buy another if needed.Now that the modem has been used for more than six months, we can also verify that it is very reliable.",
      'overall': 4.0,
      'summary': 'Seems to work as promised',
      'unixReviewTime': 1281484800,
      'reviewTime': '08 11, 2010'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A2PM7WVQ7ZWDWR',
      'asin': 'B00009KH63',
      'reviewerName': 'David C. Brooks',
      'helpful': [1, 1],
      'reviewText': "I purchased this to use with a new 2009 Apple IMAC 24. The apple mouse is more than adequate however, having used kensington trackballs with my previous PC's., I prefer that style and touch. I also used trackball functions in my workplace. This product works very well and mated easily with the IMAC via USB. The scroll ring at the ball base was new to me but I have adapted easily. This is a very fine product and I highly recommend it to anyone who prefers trackball type mice or wishes to change to that method.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'kensington usb expert mouse optical',
      'unixReviewTime': 1240963200,
      'reviewTime': '04 29, 2009'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A2EYQG8CLR8UHQ',
      'asin': 'B00006HOKW',
      'reviewerName': 'Tom Vykruta',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'Superb product.  At only 3lbs, it\'s small enough to be backpack-portable.  Impossible with the 12lb+ "pro" models, those are good for studio use only.  I recorded silky smooth horizontal pans with this.  Setup and collapse is very quick.  Camera release is instant.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Super, ultra light, smooth.',
      'unixReviewTime': 1336348800,
      'reviewTime': '05 7, 2012'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A1QLEMTG2ZU2M7',
      'asin': 'B000067RWL',
      'reviewerName': 'Jedi-B',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "I've used this to wire my house with runs both inside and out.  The cable feeds effortlessly and the shielding is adequate even for installs with electrical interference.  Great product for the money!",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Exactly how it looks in the description',
      'unixReviewTime': 1364342400,
      'reviewTime': '03 27, 2013'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A2OPFKDHSH8T31',
      'asin': 'B00000J1F3',
      'reviewerName': 'Jerri Moser',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'I gave these tapes an OK rating because they were OK for recording only one time on them but if you had to re-record on them they were no good and unfortunately I found this out the hard way. I would only recommend  these tapes to someone who is only going to use them one time.',
      'overall': 3.0,
      'summary': 'VHS',
      'unixReviewTime': 1358121600,
      'reviewTime': '01 14, 2013'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A2DIYF3IYOHLE1',
      'asin': 'B00004WCG6',
      'reviewerName': 'Sandra "cowboy photographer"',
      'helpful': [3, 5],
      'reviewText': "I bought this as a back-up cord but haven't had to break it out of the box yet since the first one I purchased has not failed in over two years.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Review',
      'unixReviewTime': 1175472000,
      'reviewTime': '04 2, 2007'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A2KQCE98LZ1ISG',
      'asin': 'B0001FTVEK',
      'reviewerName': 'C. Hatfield',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "I've had these for almost 10 months now, and saw that I neglected to write a review. I'm glad I didn't. Up until recently, I had to have the base station in a certain place, and got pretty bad interference whenever I moved my head when listening to music. It got to the point where I'd more often than not reach for my HD203s (I'm not a Sennheiser nut, I just liked the 203s so much I splurged for these).Rearranging my workspace has allowed me to place the base away from whatever was causing the interference (most likely a speaker) and now these things rock me so hard. If you're looking for an immersive experience, like with noise-cancelling cups, you won't get it here. These are flat pads that really don't block out any exterior noise. However the range is really good, I can go outside and cut my grass and still get acceptable sound. They aren't the absolute most comfortable things, but then again I have sensitive external ears.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Almost perfect',
      'unixReviewTime': 1349740800,
      'reviewTime': '10 9, 2012'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A1JB7XV3BT2MYZ',
      'asin': 'B00009N6VJ',
      'reviewerName': 'L. Jones "LGJ"',
      'helpful': [1, 2],
      'reviewText': "Tried to use this great looking cable from the cable outlet to the cable box. It didn't work! Tried various tests, because it looks so good that I really wanted it to work, but no dice. Even tried it with different TV's!  So I had to go back to the ugly back coax that the cable company installed. Bummer!",
      'overall': 1.0,
      'summary': "Looks great, but doesn't work!",
      'unixReviewTime': 1312761600,
      'reviewTime': '08 8, 2011'},
     {'reviewerID': 'AC7LOS2JRYZ9O',
      'asin': 'B00017LSPI',
      'reviewerName': 'Billy Shears',
      'helpful': [1, 1],
      'reviewText': "For those who are debating over whether or not to get this large air blaster or the smaller one, I recommend this one after having used the smaller one for the simple fact that this one gives you more air, easier.  Larger air bursts mean you clean your lens or filter quicker with just two quick squeezes.This tool is for people on the go and need to freshen up a surface as quickly as possible.  If you have tons of time and you don't travel with your camera, save your money and get a smaller one.  The blaster works as expected and also stands up nicely on the &#34;booster&#34; end so it won't roll away from you.  It's also structurally very stable with the red nozzle fitted tightly to the bulb.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Freshen up your lens surface with a few squeezes',
      'unixReviewTime': 1386460800,
      'reviewTime': '12 8, 2013'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A1QHTHV3S8J3GJ',
      'asin': 'B00005T39Y',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "I have an older Sony cassette adapter that came w/ a Discman bundle from around 1996.  This worked great, but now the cable connection at the jack for the line-out port of the Discman is getting loose.I purchased this w/ the intention of replacing that adapter.  Everything about the product seems identical, but for some reason, it doesn't work as well or doesn't work at all in either of my car cassette decks (Subaru and Oldsmobile Bose system).  It either sticks, and can't eject, or doesn't play, etc.  Can't figure out the problem.  The old adapter still works, so it's not my deck.I've run into this problem w/ a cheaper adapter, but thought I would have better luck w/ this more expensive Sony model.  Looks like nothing works better than the original...",
      'overall': 2.0,
      'summary': "Doesn't work as well as my older Sony Discman cassette adapter",
      'unixReviewTime': 1167782400,
      'reviewTime': '01 3, 2007'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A1I8PWHMFM29CW',
      'asin': 'B00008VWOJ',
      'reviewerName': 'Philip',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "I honestly didn't notice any difference. You can select to bypass the device with a switch, and I was flipping it on and off and it didn't seem to effect the volume at all. Loud commercials still woke me up, quiet TV shows remained quiet, loud channels remained loud.I only use my TV really low when I'm going to bed and it doesn't help at all. Blah.",
      'overall': 1.0,
      'summary': "Didn't notice any difference.",
      'unixReviewTime': 1233273600,
      'reviewTime': '01 30, 2009'},
     {'reviewerID': 'AP04UMK9IEKVF',
      'asin': 'B0000AQR8F',
      'reviewerName': 'CMH',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "I turn the knob one way and see Computer one on the screen.  I turn the knob the other way and see computer two on the screen.  It works as described.  Yeah, you could probably build something like this.  But, you'd have to cut some sheet metal; have it bent real pretty; make some stencils; put together a simple bridge circuit board; cut nice holes for the VGA plugs and knob, etc...I guess you could paint it to match your other electronics...So, just buy it like I did.",
      'overall': 4.0,
      'summary': "It ain't pretty but it works.",
      'unixReviewTime': 1386806400,
      'reviewTime': '12 12, 2013'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A2X7Y99H7H8QM',
      'asin': 'B00006B81I',
      'reviewerName': 'Jesse E. Shaw',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'This is how to organize a bench but remember that you and also stack them and take into consideration that some plugs take more space.  Three 48 inch 12 socket strips is a good start for a work bench like mine.  36 outlets is about right.  Buy only what you need or design your bench like that and you will learn the value of over building really fast.I always buy this brand and series as it provides density you get nowhere else and the quality is super.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Works',
      'unixReviewTime': 1394150400,
      'reviewTime': '03 7, 2014'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A14SIV2T3I08F8',
      'asin': 'B000220DCG',
      'reviewerName': 'J. Aragon',
      'helpful': [3, 3],
      'reviewText': 'Not only do they not cancel noise effectively, they fit oddly on the head. Very dissapointed...',
      'overall': 2.0,
      'summary': 'Not very good..',
      'unixReviewTime': 1129248000,
      'reviewTime': '10 14, 2005'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A1T3RL0MIHPCMO',
      'asin': 'B00005T3G0',
      'reviewerName': 'jjnguy',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "This is speaker wire.It works. It's great quality. If you need speaker wire, buy this. (My only problem with it is that i forgot you needed to cut it and strip it to fit your needs. I had trouble finding something suitable for that task in my office.)",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'No frills - No problem',
      'unixReviewTime': 1356220800,
      'reviewTime': '12 23, 2012'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A3SSSVZHCZDCVG',
      'asin': 'B000067SG2',
      'reviewerName': 'capndino "Dinoz"',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'Good quality product - works fine. Quite handy when you need short-length cords between adjacent items in your home TV/Audio systems.  Also handy between network modems and routers, etc.  Most cables that you can find in this length are overpriced.  This is a comparative bargain.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Excellent for Home Theater use',
      'unixReviewTime': 1262995200,
      'reviewTime': '01 9, 2010'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A2H3JIGOGKCOSV',
      'asin': 'B0001Y0OY2',
      'reviewerName': 'Amazon Customer "Perfesser"',
      'helpful': [1, 1],
      'reviewText': "I recently purchased the LowePro DMC-Z from one of the big box stores (I won't mention the name, but you'll recognize the big yellow tag) for a few dollars more -- an impulse buy, because the freebie I got with two Compact Flash cards was such a piece of junk.  I should have ordered it from Amazon when I got home and $aved!Lowe's products are always very well made, and I loved my Slingshot 202AW bag so much, when my system outgrew it, I bought a 302AW.  In that the DMC-Z is no exception -- while small, it is well padded and just feels sturdy in your hand.  The pockets are not open mesh, even if they look like it in the photos; they are some kind of slck, soft plastic, so the cards' corners won't catch.I have an issue with the DMC-Z.  First, it WILL hold up to six CompactFlash cards in its pockets, along with my reader device.  It can only hold four CF cars in their cases, however, and you can barely close it if you try, due to the additional thickness of the flip cases.  Without the cases -- I don't need them in this tight closing case, and I'm not planning to visit Afghanistan soon -- I fit all six of my CF cards, plus my ExpressCard reader device (MUCH faster than any USB 2.0 device).  Zipping the case takes a little effort, but it will close with the seven devices in place.  That's just a little too snug for me -- I'm concerned about the stresses on the DMC-Z.  I think a minor redesign would improve the fit a little, but I don't know if Lowe will bother.",
      'overall': 3.0,
      'summary': 'A Tight Fit, But Secure',
      'unixReviewTime': 1326931200,
      'reviewTime': '01 19, 2012'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A226Q9EZ65WFXA',
      'asin': 'B00020E4QO',
      'reviewerName': 'Janos Audron',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'Most likely you won\'t be able to get a hold of this puppy anymore, or if you do it\'ll be used, but I wanted to write this review as sort of an homage. This was the first higher quality / gaming mouse I ever bought, and I have not bought another gaming mouse since. This was purchased my junior year of college in 2005, and I still use it every single day (as of 3/22/2012). 7 years, at least 4 different moves to new houses, thousands of hours of gaming, food/drink spills, dog hair and probably well over 100 drops, and I\'ve never had to think about another mouse. Comparatively, the only reason I even thought to write this is because I began the search for yet another wireless mouse to keep at my desk at work, which must be the 5th or 6th time in 4 years."It\'s just a mouse", you might say. Well, I wouldn\'t be able to realistically argue with you.. but you\'ve got to a appreciate a product that you use and abuse every day that lasts this long and still gives you quality and reliability. As a nerd/geek/gamer for life, this mouse and I became old friends.So, thanks Logitech. I don\'t know how much this goes for anymore, but if you can get your hands on one you should definitely try :)',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'This mouse is still awesome.',
      'unixReviewTime': 1332374400,
      'reviewTime': '03 22, 2012'},
     {'reviewerID': 'AHZYI1KAJSQP6',
      'asin': 'B00009R6TA',
      'reviewerName': 'Sardonic',
      'helpful': [4, 4],
      'reviewText': 'Ok, the facts. Plenty of room, plenty of zippered pockets. External straps for holding tripod and two other "stick things". Best way to explain is give an inventory of what\'s in mine. Canon 30D WITH Battery pack attached. Canon 580EX, 430EX and Quantaray 900W. Canon 18-55, 75-300 (kits lens), Canon 50mm, 24-105L. Remote cord, remote flash cord, 12 filters, 3 BP11\'s, portable canon battery charger, cleaning supplies, Canon flash battery pack with extra cartridge, 16aa batteries and a partridge in a pear tree. All that, and there\'s still room in the pockets. Love the zippers, easy to pull. Padded for carrying along with body straps to hold it on your waist or you can carry it with the hand strap. The only thing I\'d have done is include an all weather cover over the top. LOVE THIS BAG.',
      'overall': 4.0,
      'summary': 'Backpack to the stars',
      'unixReviewTime': 1173657600,
      'reviewTime': '03 12, 2007'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A1PEEY3IFLCYOH',
      'asin': 'B0000AN4EG',
      'reviewerName': 'Brent Thompson',
      'helpful': [12, 12],
      'reviewText': 'I have had the 6210 since 2003 and have been very happy. I take this with me all over the country in a video camera bag. Perfect for putting in the rental car in a strange city. You find where you are going plus restaurants and attractions.Garmin issues regular firmware updates. I upgraded the map once for $75 (the price drops 6 months after release). The best investment was a 2GB CF card which holds all of the US and Canada (Mexico is not an option). As a Mac user I found that VirtualPC was required. There is no Mac compatibility. VirtualPC will recognize the USB connection to the 2610 but will not transfer map data. The workaround is to use a USB 2.0 CF card reader. Just copy the maps directly to the card. Works fast and cleanly. The lack of USB compatibility makes upgrading firmware a process requiring a friend with a Windows machine. Firmware upgrades are fast and do not require software licenses.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': "The best GPS for Mac users, but you'll still need Windows",
      'unixReviewTime': 1142640000,
      'reviewTime': '03 18, 2006'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A368102P6NW38L',
      'asin': 'B00007EDZG',
      'reviewerName': 'Goutham Shankar "Goutham"',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'Huh ! Finally I need not ask anyone to click my images.It works just like it supposed to. small and very convenient to use. With just few settings in camera this is ready for use.This is much much better than the cable release remotes.I really Enjoy using this product.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Huh ! Remote !',
      'unixReviewTime': 1318723200,
      'reviewTime': '10 16, 2011'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A1FHDGGZGM6MAP',
      'asin': 'B00009R8CV',
      'reviewerName': 'Matthew R. Lilly "Mat Lilly"',
      'helpful': [1, 1],
      'reviewText': 'Solid construction item.  No flimsy parts.  It is a little difficult to put the leather on the anchor while screwing on the "key ring", but keeps metal from clacking around.  The neck strap is small, but does not feel like its too small (i.e. cutting into the neck).  The strap extends out way longer than I would ever need it.  The strap is small enough to where I find myself wrapping it around my hand to take quick shots.  The cloth portion of the strap feels solid, as well as the padded area of the strap.  The strap features a sewn in rubber "thread" to grip.  In summation: I am very glad to have ordered this strap.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Great great strap',
      'unixReviewTime': 1306195200,
      'reviewTime': '05 24, 2011'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A1BNEFQTCFVIE9',
      'asin': 'B0000U19F0',
      'reviewerName': 'Phillip Slepian "bondmanp"',
      'helpful': [76, 79],
      'reviewText': 'About a year ago, I switched from a commute by car to a commute via train and subway (from New Jersey to New York).  I am an audiophile, so I wanted a good-sounding CD player/headphone combo.  And since I damaged my hearing years ago with a Walkman that I played too loud (causing Tinnitus), I wanted as much noise isolation as possible.  For various reasons, in-the-ear-canal ear buds don\'t work for me, so I set out to find a good pair of on or over the ear cans that offered good fidelity and a reduction in exterior noise.  Note:  I don\'t do reduced bit rates, so all of the comments refer to performance using standard "Red Book" CDs.Although I started out with an iRiver CD player (which is a pretty good-sounding player), it was too picky about the CDs it would read, so I switched to the Sony D-NE320PSBLK Psyc player.  This player reads almost all CDs, sounds OK, although the treble is somewhat rolled-off (but I actually prefer this when listening to headphones; it compensates for overly-bright CDs).  It has great battery life and great features.First, I tried the Sennheiser PXC-250, an on-ear portable design.  Although neutral sounding, the Senns lacked good bass extension.  Worse, the out-board noise cancelling module created a mess of tangled wires.  After only three months of daily use, the wires went, and since everything is hard-wired, the Senns were now useless (quite a difference from my home headphones, Sennheiser 424X I bought new in 1976 and still work perfectly).Next, I tried the Aiwa HP CN6.  This is an open-air, on-the-ear design with electronic noise cancelling.  The noise cancelling works well, and these cans sound fairly good.  A little bright, but with extended, powerful bass and fairly neutral mids.  The noise cancellation circuit increases efficiency to 106 dB, one of the highest efficiency ratings for noise-cancelling phones.  This saves battery power on your player.  However, the circuitry adds a significant amount of hiss.  Battery life of the Aiwas was fantastic.  Comfort-wise, they were only fair, and the thin foam earpads were beginning to wear out after about six months of use.  Then, the noise cancelling function stopped working.  Time to look again.I visited the Bose Store with my player and tried the $300 Bose cans.  The sound was OK, but not what you\'d expect for the price.  The electronic noise cancellation seemed to work well, with less added hiss, but the passive noise cancellation from the sealed, over-the-ear design was poor.  I could clearly hear the Bose salesman talking on the phone a few feet away, almost as loudly as without the headphones.  Plus, it was much less efficient than the Aiwas, which would have meant heavy battery use in my player (which takes only one AA battery).  Just not worth the money (like most Bose products, IMO).Then I tried two Koss noise cancelling models.  The QZ-50 is an inexpensive, behind-the-neck, over-the-ear design.  It was aweful.  It\'s electronic noise cancellation added hiss but no apparent noise reduction at all.  It\'s passive noise reduction was inneffective as well, since the ear pieces did not make a tight seal over the ears.  And it was very innefficient, making it a poor choice for portable players.  The newer QZPro was on sale on line, so I tried it as well.  This padded over-the-ear design is comfortable, but passive noise cancellation was minimal.  Active noise cancellation was OK, with some added hiss, but it was the least effecient design (90 db!) I have seen.  Sound quality was fair, but I preferred the Aiwas, and I was ready to buy a new pair of them when I started reading about the JVC HANC100 phones.Feature-wise, the HANC100 is nice.  Unless you have larger-than-average ears, they are comfortable.  The headband bothering so many hasn\'t bothered me yet.  The ear cups fit over my ears, although I do have to partially fold my outer ear into them.  They seem sturdy, although the cord is thin and I have gotten it caught on things a few times, without causing damage.  I do not retract the cord, since I cary them inside a duffle bag when not in use.  The only issue I have with comfort is that they are warm.  In February, they double as good ear muffs, but I fear that in warmer weather they will make my ears sweat.  After an hour or so, I do feel the need to shift them to relieve pressure on my eyeglass side-pieces.  These comfort issues are half the reason for 4 instead of 5 stars.  Like all of these electronic noise cancelling cans, you can\'t use the noise reduction feature in windy conditions, since the wind noise through the built-in mics is too loud.  But at least you can shut that function off on the JVCs, and listen without it.Efficiency-wise, the HANC100 is fine.  Not quite as effecient as the Aiwas, but I suspect that the published spec of 103 dB with noise cancelling off and 100dB with noise cancelling on, is innaccurate.  First, it\'s the only time I\'ve seen a *decrease* in efficiency with the noise reduction on.  Second, I hear no difference in level whether it\'s switched on or off.Sound-wise, they are OK.  They would benefit from a less resonant enclosure, since there is a little of the "cupped-hand" effect in the mid-band.  I adapted to that quickly, though, and overall, they sound clean and neutral.  Bass is a bit muddy and does not extend too deep, but the Sony player has numerous bass-boost features that compensate for this.  When a CD is bass-heavy, the JVCs respond well to a point, but can be overloaded with extremely high levels of bass, and they then distort audibly.  The highs are noticeably rolled-off, but I prefer this for headphones.I have had no issues with uneven channel level.One thing to be aware of is that they are not shielded from cell-phone interferance, and you will here buzzing (like an old morse code device) when cell phones are in use nearby.  I can live with this, although I hear that Sony has added shielding to its noise cancelling phones.  How about it, JVC?Now the best part:  The noise cancellation.  Passive noise cancellation, which covers higher frequencies, is excellent.  With all the other cans I tried, I used to hear conversation of other passengers clearly.  With the HANC100, I can tell people are speaking, but at levels reduced so much that I can\'t tell what they\'re saying - awesome!  They only thing they don\'t block out is the elevator music that the Port Authority plays - at fairly high volume - in its larger train stations.The electronic noise cancellation is also quite good.  If you commute by train or subway, then you know how loud trains and subways can be, both from outside and inside.  With the HANC100, I can barely tell when a train car end-door has been opened while the train is moving.  With other headphones, this made listening impossible.  And the rumbling of the trains is almost completely eliminated when inside the train.  Outside, the trains are very loud.  While the HANC100 doesn\'t block enough of that noise to listen through it, it does reduce the noise significantly, and that\'s a good thing for my ears.The one star was deducted for comfort, although I doubt they could be made cooler (with ventilation) without loosing some of the passive noise reduction, and for the lack of cell-phone shielding.The HANC100 would be a good value at its list price of ~$90.  At street prices, which are much lower (check Amazon\'s price!), they are an outright steal!  I recommend the HANC100 over any other noise cancelling headphones I\'ve tried.EDIT (3/13/06): After a few weeks, and some unintended tugging at the cord, the right earcup developed a crackling sound which modulates both with the audio signal and amount of external noise.  Sounds like something is loose within the earcup.  I have ordered a second pair.  If these last about a year, fine -  can live with replacing them no more often than once per year.  If not, I will have to look at something else.  Oh, well.EDIT (7/10/07):  The second pair lasted well over a year.  Even then, they failed because the wire got snagged on something, and frayed.  So, this is due to being damaged by me, not because they failed with normal use.  They still work, but the left channel sometimes cuts out.  Overall, I have enjoyed these \'phones, and I will replace them with another pair.  Strongly recommended.',
      'overall': 4.0,
      'summary': 'The End of My Noise-Cancelling Headphone Odyssey!',
      'unixReviewTime': 1140480000,
      'reviewTime': '02 21, 2006'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A254AGEWJ5VRFI',
      'asin': 'B00001WRSJ',
      'reviewerName': 'mark twain',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "Other reviews are good.  I like these because they are supposedly flat.  I like my games and sound cards to do the adjusting of the sounds.  Good for music and games.  Interesting note, when my Dad did research and picked a pair of these in the 80's, he picked these also.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Love them much',
      'unixReviewTime': 1366848000,
      'reviewTime': '04 25, 2013'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A2Y10VCBFO7YKD',
      'asin': 'B0000365CI',
      'reviewerName': 'Bruce Coryell',
      'helpful': [3, 3],
      'reviewText': "For the most part, I'm quite happy with my Coolpix 800 (bought at Amazon.com).  It certainly gets the job done, and the images are as good as what I've gotten with my 35mm SLR, if not better.  My main beefs are the ones that are well known about this camera:  the flash and zoom are both very limited (to the point where I pretty much consider this an outdoor camera - the one time that I did use it indoors extensively,  I set the sensitivity to ISO-400 and shot by available light), and I wish it were possible to manipulate the f-stop and shutter speed directly.  And I've got a new beef:  Due to the small size of the camera,  it is nearly impossible to use it without getting thumb prints all over the LCD screen.  But these notwithstanding, it is a great camera that takes good, well exposed crisp pictures, and that's the bottom line.",
      'overall': 4.0,
      'summary': 'Good digital camera',
      'unixReviewTime': 984787200,
      'reviewTime': '03 17, 2001'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A2ME89MSWVG9NF',
      'asin': 'B0000635UX',
      'reviewerName': 'donny "don130"',
      'helpful': [4, 4],
      'reviewText': "This camera is fantastic! This camera takes great pictures. I still can't believe the quality and detail that this camera produces. Every article you read says you can't make 8x10 prints from 2mp cameras. This one proves that wrong. I have made large prints with the crispness and clarity of smaller ones.Fantastic camera. If you just want a fun digital camera with a ton of features this is the one to get.I took off 1/2 a star because I would like a traditional viewfinder. You only have the display on the back.",
      'overall': 4.0,
      'summary': 'actually 4.5 stars, Great Camera!',
      'unixReviewTime': 1054339200,
      'reviewTime': '05 31, 2003'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A1ZBR4NYVGY7U7',
      'asin': 'B00006JN3G',
      'reviewerName': 'Bekah',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'I should get my camera professionally cleaned sometime, but until then, this did great in removing the bulk of the dust and cleaning the flecks and smudges on the lens.  The padded side returned that "new" gleam to the lens.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Suits this amateur',
      'unixReviewTime': 1328832000,
      'reviewTime': '02 10, 2012'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A2E74YKJXGZCJB',
      'asin': 'B00001OXQ9',
      'reviewerName': 'Frank Perkins',
      'helpful': [10, 11],
      'reviewText': 'I mounted them under my eaves and they work great.  I thought because they were so cheap that the sound would be cheap, but they sound great and have worked fine after a few rain storms.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Works great!',
      'unixReviewTime': 1035244800,
      'reviewTime': '10 22, 2002'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A2VC84WRAOKSDQ',
      'asin': 'B00002N7FQ',
      'reviewerName': 'AJ K.',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'Its cheaper than buying a new light, and it works great! have not had an issue. Has good range, and only works at night, it that is what you want.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'It works',
      'unixReviewTime': 1403308800,
      'reviewTime': '06 21, 2014'},
     {'reviewerID': 'AJEOFP6ZWY0MK',
      'asin': 'B00017LSPI',
      'reviewerName': 'A. Kim',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'My previous manual air puffer broke so I went about looking for replacement.  My first impression of looking at the photo of Giottos Rocket Air Blaster was, "What the heck is this?"  It is larger than standard manual air puffer, had rocket like tail with red pointed snout.  :)I ordered it and once I had used it I could see the merit of the design.  The rocket tail prevented the Air Blaster from rolling about and I was impressed with the way it suck in air from behind rather than forward unlike traditional simpler design air cleaner.  Supposedly this design prevent dirty dust/air being blown back (per the manufacturer).The air blaster work best when you just want simple light duty cleaning of blowing off dust off from camera lens, glasses or anything you find a need to blow off dust.  I have used mine several times and find it very useful.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Great light-duty manual air cleaner',
      'unixReviewTime': 1380931200,
      'reviewTime': '10 5, 2013'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A3O4OL81Z48AVF',
      'asin': '9983891212',
      'reviewerName': 'RamyG4c',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'I bought this for my 7D, it good, material seems ok, bit cheap, but it works. But I think it is still a bit expensive compared to same cables from MonoPrice.The thing is that I discovered that having a converter from mini and regular HDMI and a cable works better for me.',
      'overall': 4.0,
      'summary': 'Not Bad for the Price',
      'unixReviewTime': 1287878400,
      'reviewTime': '10 24, 2010'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A1S8UKBXAHPJI7',
      'asin': 'B00007E7JU',
      'reviewerName': 'Amazon Customer "Ed Gerrish"',
      'helpful': [1, 1],
      'reviewText': 'I wish I could afford other prime lenses after using this one for a year.  It is amazing.  It takes some amazing pictures that sharply focuses on your subject while blurring the background, even as close as a few inches from your subject.  It is great.  If you bought a dSLR camera, particularly if it is your first and you are just getting into photography, you cannot afford not to own this lens.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'This lens takes some of my best pictures',
      'unixReviewTime': 1290297600,
      'reviewTime': '11 21, 2010'},
     {'reviewerID': 'AY3XPKRAMKKY7',
      'asin': 'B00005NIMJ',
      'reviewerName': 'C. G. King',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "After an intense gaming experience using a regular mouse, I was nearly crippled from the resulting pain and had to find an alternative. I'd had shoulder surgery and although I was recovering nicely, apparently still had weaker muscles than I realized because the next day I couldn't move my arm at all.  Even though that cleared up with the help of PT, I decided I needed to try a trackball mouse for future computer activity and instantly fell in love with my new Logitech TrackMan Wheel mouse.  I've never been interested in going back to a standard mouse even though my shoulder has long since healed.After several years, though, that first Logitech trackball began having problems.  It seemed I was perpetually having to remove the ball for cleaning.  Although I never saw the 'crumbs' that must have become lodged, I sure felt them, as the ball movement would become jerky until I'd cleaned both the ball and the 'holder'.  Even though the difference was slight, it felt like I was driving over a boulder and was very annoying.Finally, I decided to spring for a new mouse of the same type and am very pleased with a couple of things.  First, the ball movement is so smooth and quick I'm very glad I decided to start anew.  The old ball had grown a bit sluggish even after cleaning, so I suppose the contact points were worn (and for good reason :).  I didn't realize that the movement felt a bit heavy until I had installed this new mouse, which is much quicker, lighter feeling and more responsive.  Secondly, since my desktop PC is several years old I have old connection ports.  The PC works fine and doesn't need to be replaced, but doesn't have any more USB ports available and almost all accessories now attach via USB port.  I am delighted that this mouse still provides the ability to install in PS2 mode via a supplied adapter.  Hurray.  That saves me having to buy a powered hub to add more USB ports.On the downside, the construction on this mouse is not as good as the previous model.  Although it looks identical but for being a slightly darker color, the wheel action on the new mouse is raspy rather than completely smooth as it was on the old model.  I can actually hear the wheel move and can feel resistance.  Although the ball is fine (even better than my old mouse) the wheel isn't as good.  I can only hope it will deliver smoother action with use.Still, I love this mouse.  It causes no fatigue in either my hand or arm even after hours of use whether gaming or doing extensive photo editing where I have more precise control than with a regular mouse.  I have arthritis in my thumbs, but have no pain whatsoever from using the ball and greatly appreciate that.  All in all, I find this the best ergonomic mouse and very reliable.  I highly recommend it even though the construction quality is not quite as high as my previous model.",
      'overall': 4.0,
      'summary': 'Great mouse, but more cheaply made than previous',
      'unixReviewTime': 1283385600,
      'reviewTime': '09 2, 2010'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A8YD30AWIJB12',
      'asin': 'B00006B8BS',
      'reviewerName': 'W. Gould "Standard Nerd"',
      'helpful': [1, 1],
      'reviewText': "When I need adapter cards I buy StarTech without concern.  I've never had an issue with their adapters being incompatible or DOA.  They work every time and perform well.  There isn't much more I can say.  Great stuff.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'StarTech is one of those brands you can rely on',
      'unixReviewTime': 1365552000,
      'reviewTime': '04 10, 2013'},
     {'reviewerID': 'AU8S7EGRQHO0S',
      'asin': 'B00006B8BS',
      'reviewerName': 'Patoz "Amazon Customer"',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'I needed to add another parallel port to my computer, and this absolutely did the trick!  Like any other PCI card, it was easy to install.  Worked perfectly and solved me problem!',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'This product really helped me!',
      'unixReviewTime': 1373241600,
      'reviewTime': '07 8, 2013'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A37WCJ4O8HYU4',
      'asin': 'B00007E7C8',
      'reviewerName': 'Bruce',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'There is nothing negative that can be said about these headphones at the incredable price of $49. I use them for listening to my iPad/PC. Great bass, clear sound. Cord is very long. Purchased a second pair for my son',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Great sound',
      'unixReviewTime': 1388188800,
      'reviewTime': '12 28, 2013'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A3IZXJRV8RHUQC',
      'asin': 'B00009UT28',
      'reviewerName': 'Moogs "Moogs"',
      'helpful': [3, 7],
      'reviewText': "I, just like another reviewer, was going to give this tripod a 5 star rating, until, just like the other reviewer, the stabilizing pin broke! I was very careful, so it must be built poorly.I was going to send it back after the 4th of July (I needed it for the weekend) and then the extra mounting plate fell off! The quick plate was still attached to my camera when I left, but was gone when I got home. I know I should have taken it off, but that does say something about the mounting plate - that it will fall off randomly!Now that I only have one plate, I doubt I can send it back to Amazon. I'm pretty disappointed. I managed to put the broken plate together, but who knows how long it will last.Apart from my problems with the plate, the tripod is pretty good. Wish it had a bubble level, and it really needs a bag. It's awkward carrying around the box with it, and it's weird to carry it by itself. You could always make it a bag.If anyone has any information about how I could buy an extra plate, please tell me!",
      'overall': 2.0,
      'summary': 'Not high quality.',
      'unixReviewTime': 1185062400,
      'reviewTime': '07 22, 2007'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A16DISUEZB83W6',
      'asin': 'B00000JI48',
      'reviewerName': 'Eric Angell',
      'helpful': [7, 7],
      'reviewText': "This tripod is too short (I virtually always use it extended to full height, including the head), too flimsy (it struggles to hold my Canon 400D still, even with a small lens), and difficult to adjust (the same camera is virtually impossible to hold at much of an angle).  The removable head is also a bit flimsy.  However, it's also light, and ridiculously cheap.  Don't pay more than $15 for it, and you won't be disappointed.",
      'overall': 3.0,
      'summary': 'Flimsy but cheap',
      'unixReviewTime': 1182816000,
      'reviewTime': '06 26, 2007'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A10X9ME6R66JDX',
      'asin': '9573212900',
      'reviewerName': 'Hugo M. M. Rabson',
      'helpful': [32, 33],
      'reviewText': "I needed an external CDRW/DVD drive for my Toshiba NB205.The Acer Aspire One USB External DVD/CDRW CD Burner suits my need perfectly. For my purposes, a drive has to read and write disks reliably and quietly; that's it. I don't need it to be especially fast or to look pretty. Fortunately, for me this external drive is quiet, unobtrusive, and reliable.It has one eccentricity that I've found. It comes with two USB cables - one for data, one for power - and so you might find yourself in the position of connecting two USB cables from your laptop to this device. I do think it's weird. I've never seen this before.I've had no technical problems of any kind with this device. I am thoroughly satisfied.",
      'overall': 4.0,
      'summary': 'Quiet, unobtrusive, fully functional, slim; I love it',
      'unixReviewTime': 1250899200,
      'reviewTime': '08 22, 2009'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A1KYN54PO33SRM',
      'asin': 'B00009R6WO',
      'reviewerName': 'J. Kahlon "jkahlon"',
      'helpful': [10, 11],
      'reviewText': "I have had this lens for almost a year now. I bought this with a 350 XT body only. For a long time this was my only lens and pretty much this is all I needed.I have used it extensively, the contrast and sharpness are great, it is relatively fast and extremely reliable, the success rate with this lens is excellent. The outdoor scenic shots are breathtaking. For the money this is the best wide angle lens you can buy.Compared to the 2.8 's it is way less expensive and easy to carry. The 2.8 to 4.0 gap can easily be covered by changing settings on the XT in most cases.Also it gives a nice grip when held from the lens and this results in steady shots at high ISO settings. I have used it for nightshots, the shutter speed has to be slow to get the shot, got good and sharp results with the lens.I have added a 50mm 1.4 prime lens to my collection but the 17-40mm is the one I have on most of the time when going out.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Excellent quality and amazing pictures',
      'unixReviewTime': 1138752000,
      'reviewTime': '02 1, 2006'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A146H6A41B26QT',
      'asin': 'B0000AE82C',
      'reviewerName': 'J. Marren "jtm497"',
      'helpful': [9, 10],
      'reviewText': "I'm a fifty-ish woman who got an IPod for Christmas and suddenly realized I needed to upgrade my computer speakers. Certainly not a techie or audiophile! A friend recommended Klipsch so this is what I bought. They're pretty easy to set up--the instructions are clear--and I think they sound great! To get what amounts to a new sound system at this price seems like a good deal to me.At first I heard no trace of the dreaded hiss or hum--and my ears are pretty sharp. But after a few days I realized that when the computer is completely shut down I could hear the barest trace of a hiss coming from the speakers. But when the computer is on the slight noise is completely drowned out by the normal hum of the computer and monitor. And when the computer is completely shut off I'm usually not close enough to hear the hiss at all.How one figures out in advance if it's going to bother you or not I don't know. But for me these speakers are a 5 so far.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Sounds great to me. . .',
      'unixReviewTime': 1106179200,
      'reviewTime': '01 20, 2005'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A1YS5IA6IPK2YS',
      'asin': 'B0000BV0XV',
      'reviewerName': 'Lora "22"',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "(...) The price, toshiba brand name, and stylish design atrracted me to it. I have never had any problems with it -- owning it now for a full year. Nice picture, small and easy to use controller, and plays both regular dvds and my 'burned' dvds (dvd-r). If you can find a good deal on this player, go for it!",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'solid, good player',
      'unixReviewTime': 1119225600,
      'reviewTime': '06 20, 2005'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A3G007LQX6KGOD',
      'asin': 'B00004X10B',
      'reviewerName': 'SevereWX',
      'helpful': [39, 41],
      'reviewText': "I've been using my Tamrac Pro12 bag for several years and it's still in like-new condition. The bag is plenty large enough to hold all my gear with room to spare. The dividers allow for a large variety of layout options and has plenty of pockets for accessories. The bag is well padded and made with a tough snag and rip resistant fabric. All the seams appear to well stiched too, with box-stiching on all the major stress points. The carry strap is contoured, well padded and slip-resistant which makes for a much more comfortable day of lugging heavy camera bodies and lenses around.Every couple months I recommend spraying the outside of the bag down with a quality water-repelling spray such as that used for tents and other camping gear. This will do wonders for weatherproofing the bag to prevent your delicate equipment from getting damp if you're out and get caught in an unexpected rain.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Tough As Nails Bag',
      'unixReviewTime': 1153008000,
      'reviewTime': '07 16, 2006'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A5ZGJBOPDRVQL',
      'asin': 'B00006HSM1',
      'reviewerName': 'Charles',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "Fast delivery & proper packaging.  Functional and working DVI Male to SVGA female.  I was trying to convert one signal up then down (DVI/SVGA/DVI) which didn't work, but used alone the product works fine.  Just couldn't use my SVGA switchbox the way that I wanted.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Works',
      'unixReviewTime': 1361750400,
      'reviewTime': '02 25, 2013'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A29SYALSORG8D5',
      'asin': 'B0000VYJRY',
      'reviewerName': 'Mind Gamer',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'Tried several USB converters with no luck. This unit preformed on the first try.I guess I need six more words.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Works!',
      'unixReviewTime': 1320624000,
      'reviewTime': '11 7, 2011'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A1ZWJ78JQP1VOP',
      'asin': 'B000068O33',
      'reviewerName': 'Dobie Tanpaw',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'I use these for connecting a laptop to my PA system and it works fine. Sound is good, and the cable has a quality feel to it.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Quality feel, good sound',
      'unixReviewTime': 1378166400,
      'reviewTime': '09 3, 2013'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A3FHHHFV46KFD6',
      'asin': 'B000067RBT',
      'reviewerName': 'L. Thurlow',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'works great pc to stereo just what i was looking for. would reccommend to anybody looking to hook pc up to stereo.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'perfect !!',
      'unixReviewTime': 1365724800,
      'reviewTime': '04 12, 2013'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A1LE7XNZITKCXS',
      'asin': 'B000069E2V',
      'reviewerName': 'P. Pacifico',
      'helpful': [7, 7],
      'reviewText': "I purchased this amplifier about 1 year ago to bi-amp my Polk Monitor 60's along with my Onkyo TX-SR504 which produces 75 watts RMS per channel which I believe to be about 100 watts RMS per channel.  This amplifier is QUITE a bit louder then my Onkyo receiver in terms of power and sounding clear.  When I'm not watching movies and I'm playing my receiver for music I truly play it very very loud and the Onkyo M-282 seemed to be a good bit louder then my receiver.  It will get hot but not more then a receiver after using it for a while and I find the Onkyo to be a superb buy.  The price is right and the specs are real and are not over-rated like quite a bit of manufacturers these days.  The specs with Onkyo are either exact or a little bit underrated in my opinion and for the price, this amplifier is such a great deal.  I have been a fan of Onkyo for quite some time now and this M-282 only redefined my love for the brand!",
      'overall': 4.0,
      'summary': 'Great power for the money',
      'unixReviewTime': 1193616000,
      'reviewTime': '10 29, 2007'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A3PZ88WU7RPTP6',
      'asin': 'B00005UKBG',
      'reviewerName': 'TeamQuinnHQ',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': "We donated all our CD's a year or so ago (we moved to MP3's) but when we had them we used a couple of these to store them. Very neat, holds lots but it just seemed kinda 90's so they got the boot.",
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': "Kinda 90's",
      'unixReviewTime': 1292630400,
      'reviewTime': '12 18, 2010'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A14NF0ZJXRYNO3',
      'asin': 'B00001P4XH',
      'reviewerName': 'BfloBen',
      'helpful': [4, 12],
      'reviewText': "All I wanted was a simple slider device to adjust volume so I wouldn't have to keep pulling the ipod out of my pocket at Starbucks to adjust the volume on the unit. Mostly this has very little ability to increase sound... very good at lowering the sound. I guess that makes sense... If I turn up the ipod volume to the max, then I turn the Koss down to get to the level I want it works ok. Actually I wanted something more like my Sennheisers where I can adjust the volume either way. Another waste of my funds.. too inexpensive to return... too useless to keep... you can buy this one at the Goodwill Store next week.",
      'overall': 1.0,
      'summary': 'I should have listened to the reviews',
      'unixReviewTime': 1290211200,
      'reviewTime': '11 20, 2010'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A1QHU9W09YFANM',
      'asin': 'B000089GN2',
      'reviewerName': 'Paul T.',
      'helpful': [2, 2],
      'reviewText': 'I have owned these for years.The sound is wonderful.  The noise cancellation, while not quite as good as Bose (which are 4X the price), is excellent.Overall these are a tremendous value.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Incredible Sound and Value',
      'unixReviewTime': 1243123200,
      'reviewTime': '05 24, 2009'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A3DH74L21G9QFJ',
      'asin': 'B00000J0IX',
      'reviewerName': 'F. Ehorn',
      'helpful': [3, 3],
      'reviewText': "Having spent 2 hours with the Magellan 315 on a camping weekend in Arizona's mountains, I can say that the unit is all that's advertised. The manual is cryptic, but once you get used to the customizing menus and 9 available navigation screens, the rest is pretty intuitive. I was able to create a waypoint, walk half a mile away in the woods and return to within 20 feet. It works surprisingly well even in a rather heavy forest. It was showing an estimated RMS positional error of only 6 feet at one point! Routes are given in 1. foot increments when you are within .1 miles of your waypoint (with the updated software you can download from the Magellan website)! As long as you keep moving, the compass feature is quite good. It even displays the sun and moon locations versus the compass dial.Nice screen, plenty of options and quite accurate. When used in your car, it tracks your speed to .1 mph, with updates given each second.  If you are a hiker or hunter or fisherman or gizmo lover, this is a nice addition. I suspect on an open lake, this would be super for locating favorite fishing spots.",
      'overall': 4.0,
      'summary': 'a must have toy',
      'unixReviewTime': 991267200,
      'reviewTime': '05 31, 2001'},
     {'reviewerID': 'A39BT8QZ5993AG',
      'asin': 'B0001OH8PU',
      'reviewerName': 'S. Demirjian',
      'helpful': [20, 21],
      'reviewText': 'I am used to the ever ready style leather camera cases on my film SLR cameras.  This so called case gives no protection except from dust.  Save your money and buy an SLR size camera bag instead.',
      'overall': 1.0,
      'summary': 'flimsy',
      'unixReviewTime': 1127433600,
      'reviewTime': '09 23, 2005'},
     {'reviewerID': 'AM7ANYKNPD1LJ',
      'asin': 'B0001XGR1C',
      'reviewerName': 'wtcdean',
      'helpful': [0, 0],
      'reviewText': 'I purchased a separate subwoofer (through Amazon, of course) to go with my new Yamaha amplifier (also purchased through Amazon). The subwoofer did not come with a cable, but this cable was perfect.  I had the subwoofer connected with regular &#34;speaker wire&#34;, but could really tell a difference when I replaced that with this cable.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Subwoofer Sound Supreme!',
      'unixReviewTime': 1358380800,
      'reviewTime': '01 17, 2013'},
     {'reviewerID': 'ADIY38MRLN2ST',
      'asin': 'B0000C73CQ',
      'reviewerName': 'bookreader &#34;Melanie&#34;',
      'helpful': [1, 1],
      'reviewText': 'Amazon has a good price for this film.  You get 2 packs in one box, so a total of 20 pictures.  It works great for my white instax Mini 7S.',
      'overall': 5.0,
      'summary': 'Mini film for your instax',
      'unixReviewTime': 1329436800,
      'reviewTime': '02 17, 2012'},
     ...]



**Note**, the test set used by the grader is in the same format as that
of ``data``, a list of dictionaries. Your trained model needs to accept
data in the same format. Thus, you should use ``Pipeline`` when
constructing your model so that all necessary transformation needed are
encapsulated into a single estimator object.

Question 1: Bag of words model
------------------------------

Construct a machine learning model trained on word counts using the bag
of words algorithm. Remember, the bag of words is implemented with
``CountVectorizer``. Some things you should consider:

-  The reference solution uses a linear model and you should as well;
   use either ``Ridge`` or ``SGDRegressor``.
-  The text review is stored in the key ``"reviewText"``. You will need
   to construct a custom transformer to extract out the value of this
   key. It will be the first step in your pipeline.
-  Consider what hyperparameters you will need to tune for your model.
-  Subsampling the training data will boost training times, which will
   be helpful when determining the best hyperparameters to use. Note,
   your final model will perform best if it is trained on the full data
   set.
-  Including stop words may help with performance.

.. code:: ipython3

    from sklearn.base import BaseEstimator, TransformerMixin
    
    class KeySelector(BaseEstimator, TransformerMixin):
        def __init__(self, key):
            self.key = key
        
        
        def fit(self, X, y=None):
            return self;
        
        def transform(self, X):
            return [x[self.key] for x in X]  

.. code:: ipython3

    ks = KeySelector('reviewText')
    X_trans = ks.fit_transform(data)

.. code:: ipython3

    from sklearn.pipeline import Pipeline
    from sklearn.feature_extraction.text import CountVectorizer, HashingVectorizer, TfidfVectorizer
    from sklearn.linear_model import Ridge, LinearRegression, SGDRegressor
    from sklearn.model_selection import train_test_split

.. code:: ipython3

    X_mbatch1, X_mbatch2, y_mbatch1, y_mbatch2=\
    X_train, X_test, y_train, y_test=train_test_split(data, ratings ,test_size=0.5, random_state=42)

.. code:: ipython3

    len(X_test)




.. parsed-literal::

    40000



.. code:: ipython3

    
    bag_of_words_model = Pipeline([
        ('selector', KeySelector('reviewText')),
    #     ('vectorizer', CountVectorizer()), OR
        ('vectorizer', HashingVectorizer()),
        ('regressor', Ridge(alpha=1))
    ])
    
    # bag_of_words_model.fit(data, ratings);
    bag_of_words_model.fit(X_train, y_train);
    
    # bag_of_words_trans = Pipeline([
    #     ('selector', KeySelector('reviewText')),
    #      ('vectorizer', HashingVectorizer()),
    # ])


.. code:: ipython3

    # Mini-Batch 1
    # X_trans=bag_of_words_trans.fit_transform(X_mbatch1)
    # sgd = SGDRegressor(warm_start=True, random_state=42)
    # # sgd.partial_fit(X_trans, y_mbatch1)
    # sgd.fit(X_trans, y_mbatch1)
    # print(sgd.coef_)
    
    # Mini-Batch 2
    # X_trans=bag_of_words_trans.fit_transform(X_mbatch2)
    # sgd = SGDRegressor(warm_start=True, random_state=42)
    # # sgd.partial_fit(X_trans, y_mbatch2)
    # sgd.fit(X_trans, y_mbatch2)
    # print(sgd.coef_)

.. code:: ipython3

    # # One Batch 
    # sgd2 = SGDRegressor(random_state=42)
    # X_trans = bag_of_words_trans.fit_transform(data)
    # sgd2.fit(X_trans, ratings)
    # print('One batch Coef:,  ', sgd2.coef_)

.. code:: ipython3

    # print('Online learning (min-batches): ', sgd.score(X_trans, ratings))

.. code:: ipython3

    # print('Batch learning : ', sgd2.score(X_trans, ratings))

.. code:: ipython3

     grader.score.nlp__bag_of_words_model(bag_of_words_model.predict)


.. parsed-literal::

    ==================
    Your score:  1.2756871802219831
    ==================


Question 2: Normalized model
----------------------------

Using raw counts will not be as effective compared if we had normalized
the counts. There are several ways to normalize raw counts; the
``HashingVectorizer`` class has the keyword ``norm`` and there is also
the ``TfidfTransformer`` and ``TfidfVectorizer`` that perform tf-idf
weighting on the counts. Apply normalized to your model to improve
performance.

.. code:: ipython3

    from sklearn.linear_model import Lasso
    from sklearn.model_selection import GridSearchCV
    from sklearn.decomposition import TruncatedSVD
    import numpy as np


.. code:: ipython3

    normalized_model = Pipeline([
        ('selector', KeySelector('reviewText')),
        ('vectorizer', HashingVectorizer(ngram_range=(1,2))),
    #      ('vectorizer', TfidfVectorizer()),
    #     ('reduce', TruncatedSVD(n_components=100)),
        ('predictor', Ridge(alpha=0.6))
    ])

.. code:: ipython3

    params={'vectorizer__lowercase': [True, False],
           'vectorizer__stop_words': [None, 'english'],
           'vectorizer__norm':  ['l1','l2']}
    
    gs = GridSearchCV(normalized_model, param_grid=params, cv=3, verbose=1, n_jobs=-1)

.. code:: ipython3

    normalized_model.fit(data, ratings);

.. code:: ipython3

    #normalized_model.named_steps['predictor'].best_params_

.. code:: ipython3

    grader.score.nlp__normalized_model(normalized_model.predict)


.. parsed-literal::

    ==================
    Your score:  1.1803782275880943
    ==================


.. code:: ipython3

    
    bigrams_model = Pipeline([
        ('selector', KeySelector('reviewText')),
        ('vectorizer', HashingVectorizer()),
        ('predictor', Ridge(alpha=0.6))
    ])
    bigrams_model.fit(data, ratings);

.. code:: ipython3

    grader.score.nlp__bigrams_model(bigrams_model.predict)


.. parsed-literal::

    ==================
    Your score:  1.0119686885469326
    ==================


Question 4: Polarity analysis
-----------------------------

Let’s derive some insight from our analysis. We want to determine the
most polarizing words in the corpus of reviews. In other words, we want
identify words that strongly signal a review is either positive or
negative. For example, we understand a word like “terrible” will mostly
appear in negative rather than positive reviews. The naive Bayes model
calculates probabilities such as
:math:`P(\text{terrible } | \text{ negative})`, the probability the
review is negative given the word “terrible” appears in the text. Using
these probabilities, we can derive a polarity score for each counted
word,

.. math::


   \text{polarity} =  \log\left(\frac{P(\text{word } | \text{ positive})}{P(\text{word } | \text{ negative})}\right).

The polarity analysis is an example where a simpler model offers more
explicability than a more complicated model. For this question, you are
asked to determine the top twenty-five words with the largest positive
**and** largest negative polarity, for a total of fifty words. For this
analysis, you should:

1. Use the naive Bayes model, ``MultinomialNB``.
2. Use tf-idf weighting.
3. Remove stop words.

A trained naive Bayes model stores the log of the probabilities in the
attribute ``feature_log_prob_``. It is a NumPy array of shape (number of
classes, the number of features). You will need the mapping between
feature index to word. For this problem, you will use a different data
set; it has been processed to only include reviews with one and five
stars. You can download it below.

.. code:: bash

    %%bash
    wget http://dataincubator-wqu.s3.amazonaws.com/mldata/amazon_one_and_five_star_reviews.json.gz -nc -P ./data


.. parsed-literal::

    File ‘./data/amazon_one_and_five_star_reviews.json.gz’ already there; not retrieving.
    


To avoid memory issue, we can delete the older data.

.. code:: ipython3

    del data, ratings

.. code:: ipython3

    import numpy as np
    from sklearn.naive_bayes import MultinomialNB
    
    with gzip.open("data/amazon_one_and_five_star_reviews.json.gz", "r") as f:
        data_polarity = [json.loads(line) for line in f]
    
    ratings = [row['overall'] for row in data_polarity]


.. code:: ipython3

    pipe = Pipeline([
        ('selector', KeySelector('reviewText')),
        ('vectorizer', TfidfVectorizer(stop_words='english')),
        ('predictor', MultinomialNB())
    ])
    
    pipe.fit(data_polarity, ratings)




.. parsed-literal::

    Pipeline(memory=None,
             steps=[('selector', KeySelector(key='reviewText')),
                    ('vectorizer',
                     TfidfVectorizer(analyzer='word', binary=False,
                                     decode_error='strict',
                                     dtype=<class 'numpy.float64'>,
                                     encoding='utf-8', input='content',
                                     lowercase=True, max_df=1.0, max_features=None,
                                     min_df=1, ngram_range=(1, 1), norm='l2',
                                     preprocessor=None, smooth_idf=True,
                                     stop_words='english', strip_accents=None,
                                     sublinear_tf=False,
                                     token_pattern='(?u)\\b\\w\\w+\\b',
                                     tokenizer=None, use_idf=True,
                                     vocabulary=None)),
                    ('predictor',
                     MultinomialNB(alpha=1.0, class_prior=None, fit_prior=True))],
             verbose=False)



.. code:: ipython3

    # Get features (vocab) from model
    feat_to_token = pipe['vectorizer'].get_feature_names()
    
    # Get the log probability from model
    log_prob = pipe['predictor'].feature_log_prob_
    
    # Collapse log probability into one row
    polarity = log_prob[0,: ] - log_prob[1,: ]
    
    # Combine polarity and feature names
    most_polar = sorted(list(zip(polarity, feat_to_token)))
    
    # Get top and bottom of most_polar
    n=25
    most_polar = most_polar[:n] + most_polar[-n:]
    
    # Get only terms from most_polar
    top_50 = [term for score, term in most_polar]

.. code:: ipython3

    grader.score.nlp__most_polar(top_50)


.. parsed-literal::

    ==================
    Your score:  1.0
    ==================


Question 5: Topic modeling [optional]
-------------------------------------

Topic modeling is the analysis of determining the key topics or themes
in a corpus. With respect to machine learning, topic modeling is an
unsupervised technique. One way to uncover the main topics in a corpus
is to use `non-negative matrix
factorization <https://scikit-learn.org/stable/modules/generated/sklearn.decomposition.NMF.html>`__.
For this question, use non-negative matrix factorization to determine
the top ten words for the first twenty topics. You should submit your
answer as a list of lists. What topics exist in the reviews?

.. code:: ipython3

    from sklearn.decomposition import NMF
    # nmf = NMF(n_components=20)
    topic_model = Pipeline([
        ('selector', KeySelector('reviewText')),
        ('vectorizer', TfidfVectorizer(stop_words='english')),
        ('dim', NMF(n_components=20))
    ])
    
    topic_model.fit(data_polarity)




.. parsed-literal::

    Pipeline(memory=None,
             steps=[('selector', KeySelector(key='reviewText')),
                    ('vectorizer',
                     TfidfVectorizer(analyzer='word', binary=False,
                                     decode_error='strict',
                                     dtype=<class 'numpy.float64'>,
                                     encoding='utf-8', input='content',
                                     lowercase=True, max_df=1.0, max_features=None,
                                     min_df=1, ngram_range=(1, 1), norm='l2',
                                     preprocessor=None, smooth_idf=True,
                                     stop_words='english', strip_accents=None,
                                     sublinear_tf=False,
                                     token_pattern='(?u)\\b\\w\\w+\\b',
                                     tokenizer=None, use_idf=True,
                                     vocabulary=None)),
                    ('dim',
                     NMF(alpha=0.0, beta_loss='frobenius', init=None, l1_ratio=0.0,
                         max_iter=200, n_components=20, random_state=None,
                         shuffle=False, solver='cd', tol=0.0001, verbose=0))],
             verbose=False)



.. code:: ipython3

    nmf = topic_model.named_steps['dim']
    index_to_token = topic_model.named_steps['vectorizer'].get_feature_names()

.. code:: ipython3

    nmf.components_.shape




.. parsed-literal::

    (20, 25411)



.. code:: ipython3

    word_in_topics = []
    for topic in nmf.components_:
        idx = topic.argsort()[-10:]
        top_words = [index_to_token[i] for i in idx]
        word_in_topics.append(top_words)

.. code:: ipython3

    word_in_topics[6]




.. parsed-literal::

    ['use',
     'perfect',
     'value',
     'need',
     'worked',
     'highly',
     'recommend',
     'easy',
     'price',
     'great']



.. code:: ipython3

    import pandas as pd

.. code:: ipython3

    df = pd.DataFrame(data=word_in_topics)

.. code:: ipython3

    df




.. raw:: html

    <div>
    <style scoped>
        .dataframe tbody tr th:only-of-type {
            vertical-align: middle;
        }
    
        .dataframe tbody tr th {
            vertical-align: top;
        }
    
        .dataframe thead th {
            text-align: right;
        }
    </style>
    <table border="1" class="dataframe">
      <thead>
        <tr style="text-align: right;">
          <th></th>
          <th>0</th>
          <th>1</th>
          <th>2</th>
          <th>3</th>
          <th>4</th>
          <th>5</th>
          <th>6</th>
          <th>7</th>
          <th>8</th>
          <th>9</th>
        </tr>
      </thead>
      <tbody>
        <tr>
          <th>0</th>
          <td>working</td>
          <td>amazon</td>
          <td>months</td>
          <td>got</td>
          <td>money</td>
          <td>bought</td>
          <td>buy</td>
          <td>time</td>
          <td>don</td>
          <td>just</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <th>1</th>
          <td>wide</td>
          <td>nikon</td>
          <td>sharp</td>
          <td>light</td>
          <td>hood</td>
          <td>50mm</td>
          <td>focus</td>
          <td>lenses</td>
          <td>canon</td>
          <td>lens</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <th>2</th>
          <td>head</td>
          <td>music</td>
          <td>volume</td>
          <td>ears</td>
          <td>pair</td>
          <td>bass</td>
          <td>ear</td>
          <td>speakers</td>
          <td>sound</td>
          <td>headphones</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <th>3</th>
          <td>length</td>
          <td>needed</td>
          <td>modem</td>
          <td>extension</td>
          <td>belkin</td>
          <td>signal</td>
          <td>connect</td>
          <td>monitor</td>
          <td>tv</td>
          <td>cable</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <th>4</th>
          <td>remote</td>
          <td>battery</td>
          <td>flash</td>
          <td>batteries</td>
          <td>canon</td>
          <td>cameras</td>
          <td>use</td>
          <td>digital</td>
          <td>pictures</td>
          <td>camera</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <th>5</th>
          <td>dvds</td>
          <td>unit</td>
          <td>tv</td>
          <td>discs</td>
          <td>disc</td>
          <td>sony</td>
          <td>play</td>
          <td>cd</td>
          <td>player</td>
          <td>dvd</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <th>6</th>
          <td>use</td>
          <td>perfect</td>
          <td>value</td>
          <td>need</td>
          <td>worked</td>
          <td>highly</td>
          <td>recommend</td>
          <td>easy</td>
          <td>price</td>
          <td>great</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <th>7</th>
          <td>button</td>
          <td>hand</td>
          <td>mice</td>
          <td>buttons</td>
          <td>microsoft</td>
          <td>trackball</td>
          <td>use</td>
          <td>logitech</td>
          <td>keyboard</td>
          <td>mouse</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <th>8</th>
          <td>products</td>
          <td>advertised</td>
          <td>tech</td>
          <td>purchase</td>
          <td>service</td>
          <td>does</td>
          <td>support</td>
          <td>amazon</td>
          <td>recommend</td>
          <td>product</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <th>9</th>
          <td>car</td>
          <td>better</td>
          <td>station</td>
          <td>wire</td>
          <td>signal</td>
          <td>stations</td>
          <td>reception</td>
          <td>fm</td>
          <td>antenna</td>
          <td>radio</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <th>10</th>
          <td>pc</td>
          <td>windows</td>
          <td>install</td>
          <td>video</td>
          <td>sd</td>
          <td>sandisk</td>
          <td>cf</td>
          <td>memory</td>
          <td>cards</td>
          <td>card</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <th>11</th>
          <td>link</td>
          <td>internet</td>
          <td>firmware</td>
          <td>support</td>
          <td>connection</td>
          <td>network</td>
          <td>netgear</td>
          <td>linksys</td>
          <td>wireless</td>
          <td>router</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <th>12</th>
          <td>protection</td>
          <td>quality</td>
          <td>lenses</td>
          <td>protect</td>
          <td>hoya</td>
          <td>tiffen</td>
          <td>glass</td>
          <td>uv</td>
          <td>filters</td>
          <td>filter</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <th>13</th>
          <td>far</td>
          <td>really</td>
          <td>say</td>
          <td>pretty</td>
          <td>sound</td>
          <td>build</td>
          <td>value</td>
          <td>price</td>
          <td>quality</td>
          <td>good</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <th>14</th>
          <td>use</td>
          <td>port</td>
          <td>hub</td>
          <td>software</td>
          <td>adapter</td>
          <td>windows</td>
          <td>device</td>
          <td>computer</td>
          <td>drive</td>
          <td>usb</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <th>15</th>
          <td>laptop</td>
          <td>nice</td>
          <td>fits</td>
          <td>tripod</td>
          <td>strap</td>
          <td>small</td>
          <td>carry</td>
          <td>fit</td>
          <td>case</td>
          <td>bag</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <th>16</th>
          <td>expected</td>
          <td>charm</td>
          <td>say</td>
          <td>perfectly</td>
          <td>tv</td>
          <td>cord</td>
          <td>just</td>
          <td>like</td>
          <td>fine</td>
          <td>works</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <th>17</th>
          <td>switch</td>
          <td>protector</td>
          <td>apc</td>
          <td>charge</td>
          <td>surge</td>
          <td>cord</td>
          <td>batteries</td>
          <td>battery</td>
          <td>unit</td>
          <td>power</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <th>18</th>
          <td>try</td>
          <td>support</td>
          <td>make</td>
          <td>remote</td>
          <td>did</td>
          <td>doesn</td>
          <td>didn</td>
          <td>tried</td>
          <td>does</td>
          <td>work</td>
        </tr>
        <tr>
          <th>19</th>
          <td>length</td>
          <td>belkin</td>
          <td>wire</td>
          <td>cheap</td>
          <td>ordered</td>
          <td>monster</td>
          <td>connectors</td>
          <td>hosa</td>
          <td>quality</td>
          <td>cables</td>
        </tr>
      </tbody>
    </table>
    </div>



*Copyright © 2019 The Data Incubator. All rights reserved.*
